PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Coronary artery disease, status post congestive heart failure with last admission in [**2144-4-5**] for diastolic heart failure, Type 2 diabetes, dementia, benign positional vertigo, status post cholecystectomy, status post femoral neck fracture on the right with a hemiarthroplasty, chronic anemia with hematocrit of 29 and B12 deficiency.
Multivitamin 2.
Enteric coated Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.
Prinivil 30 mg p.o.
Megace 400 mg p.o.
Lopressor 25 mg p.o.
Isordil 30 mg p.o.
Neurontin 100 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Given her history of large bloody stool, the patient was not deemed a candidate for heparinization either.
She was maintained on Aspirin, Beta blocker and as lytes improved an ACE inhibitor was added as well.
During her course in the hospital the patient did continue to have transient chest pain which was often relieved by Nitroglycerin but no electrocardiogram changes were found.
Some episodes of chest pain did have to be treated with 1 mg of intravenous morphine.
The patient was placed on Nitropaste to provide longterm pain relief and the patient's episodes of chest pain subsided.
The patient was treated with antibiotics and a Surgery consultation was obtained.
After an acceptable course of antibiotic therapy for her urosepsis and pneumonia these were discontinued and the diarrhea did resolve.
The patient did receive a transfusion of 4 units of packed red blood cells over her stay in the hospital due to a low hematocrit and her history of coronary artery disease and recent myocardial infarction.
Electrolytes and bicarbonate were administered to adjust the patient's electrolyte status.
The question was raised as to whether or not the patient may be experiencing pancreatitis and the patient was maintained on a BRAT diet, lipase levels declined.
DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS:  The patient should continue a ground diet with thick liquids to resume physical therapy as tolerated.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Multivitamin 1 tablet p.o.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Nystatin Swish and Swallow 46 ml p.o.
Lopressor 100 mg p.o.
Captopril 37.5 mg p.o.
Diflucan 400 mg p.o.
