Additionally the patient was noted to be taking less and less nutrition via po intake, however, was persistently getting Lasix for baseline congestive heart failure.
She was transferred to the unit where she received fluid, nebulizer treatments, intravenous steroids, which were quickly tapered, antibiotics for aspiration pneumonia as well as a urinary tract infection.
She was started on nasogastric tube feeds with improvement in her clinical picture and transferred back to the floor on the [**10-16**].
Lasix 20 mg po q.d.
Singular 10 mg po q.p.m.
Tylenol 650 q 6 prn.
She is presenting with aspiration pneumonia.
She was initially in respiratory failure upon transfer, however, when put on nonrebreather and with frequent suctioning as well as steroid treatment and antibiotic treatment the patient's respiratory status improved dramatically to where she was able to be weaned down to nasal cannula varying between 2 to 3 liters a minute.
The patient's nebulizer treatments were continued.
The patient did require aggressive suctioning throughout the day.
Hypernatremia:  This was thought to be secondary to the patient's aggressive diuresis as an outpatient with relatively low po intake.
The patient's sodium began to improve with hydration upon transfer to the MICU.
At baseline the patient did get Lasix, however, during this hospitalization this medication was held in the setting of her hypernatremia and renal failure.
Cardiac enzymes were mildly elevated during this hospitalization with the troponin peaking at 0.10, however, there was no electrocardiogram changes and no evidence of acute ischemic insult based on CK with MB fractions.
She was given aggressive intravenous fluid hydration in the setting of dehydrated prerenal azotemia.
Gastrointestinal:  The patient had an nasogastric tube placed during this hospitalization to provide nutrition given her relative risk for aspiration as well as her decreased mental status.
The patient will be transferred back to the nursing home without an nasogastric tube to pursue speech and swallow study at the nursing home and address nutrition as an outpatient.
In addition, the patient may need Lasix on a prn basis.
Tylenol prn.
Albuterol nebulizers prn.
Levofloxacin 500 mg intravenously q 48 hours.
Metronidazole 500 mg intravenously q 8 hours for seven more days.
Prednisone taper of 20 mg po q.d.
for two days followed by Prednisone 10 mg po q.d.
Colace 100 mg po b.i.d.
Dulcolax 10 mg pr q.d.
Additionally the patient will need a speech and swallow evaluation upon discharge as her nasogastric tube will be discontinued.
Additionally Lasix will need to be considered as an outpatient upon resolution of the patient's acute renal failure.
The patient should have electrolytes checked frequently until resolution of her acute renal failure.
