The patient was diagnosed with bronchitis with an asthma exacerbation and treated with Azithromycin times five days and a five day course of Prednisone tapered and then discharged home from the Emergency Department.
The patient denied fevers, chills, sore throat, abdominal pain, melena, dysuria, rashes, joint pain or chest pain.
The patient reports good medical compliance with Glargine an insulin sliding scale.
The patient was admitted overnight to the MICU service on an insulin drip with the anion gap closed on the morning of transfer to the medicine service.
The patient was started on heparin drip overnight.
Antibiotics were held off given that she was afebrile and unclear if there was a focal source of the pneumonia.
diet and was given 60 units of Glargine off the insulin drip.
She is     G-3, P-2, status post spontaneous abortion and vaginal     delivery and cesarean section.
Question of pancreatitis status post pancreatotomy with     incidental splenectomy at age 28.
Migraine headaches.
Diabetes mellitus Type 2, insulin dependent, on Glargine     since age 51.
Advair Discus 1 puff twice a day.
Amlodipine 10 mg p.o.
Amoxicillin 250 mg p.o.
Clonazepam 0.5 mg p.o.
Fioricet 325/40/50 one tablet p.o.
Fluconazole 150 mg tabs, 2 tabs for yeast infection.
Lantus 100 units q p.m. 9.
Megace 40 mg p.o.
Reglan 10 mg p.o.
Paxil 40 mg p.o.
Ranitidine 150 mg p.o.
However, the patient was initially started on weight-based heparin with a goal PTT of 60-80 and was subsequently transitioned on the day prior to discharge on Lovenox 60 mg subcutaneous twice a day as well as Coumadin loaded while she was in house.
The patient had a discharge INR of 1.4 based on two loads of 5 mg and a 7.5 mg load.
The patient will be discharged with 5 mg of Coumadin to have her INR followed up with her primary care physician on [**2105-11-23**].
Until her INR is greater than 2.0 the patient will likely need to have Lovenox shots.
The patient was maintained on nebs around the clock and then transitioned to meter dose inhalers with her Albuterol and subsequently started on her steroid of Salmeterol and Flovent on the day prior to discharge with improvement of her shortness of breath.
Hyperglycemia, anion gap closed while in the MICU off the insulin drip.
We optimized her blood sugar control with changing her Glargine over to NPH given the fact that her Glargine was also not available on formulary for Medicaid.
The patient was maintained on 60 units q a.m. and 20 units q p.m. based on her insulin requirements with stable blood sugar control on the day of discharge.
This will likely need to be followed up as a future outpatient in order to adjust her insulin requirements.
Diabetic teaching was maintained and the patient was maintained on a diabetic diet.
We held off antibiotics for the pneumonia given the fact that clinically she did not appear as if she had any pneumonia, given her being afebrile and no cough.
Positive constitutional symptoms of unclear etiology including a thrombocytosis.
Albumin was obtained which was low and we had a nutrition consult in house which established patient to have supplements in her nutrition status.
Amlodipine 10 mg p.o.
Paroxetine 40 mg p.o.
Clonazepam 0.5 mg p.o.
Warfarin 5 mg p.o.
Albuterol inhaler, 1-2 puffs inhaled q6 hours as needed     for wheezing.
NPH insulin 60 units q a.m. 9.
Ranitidine 150 mg p.o.
Reglan 10 mg p.o.
Megace 40 mg p.o.
Insulin syringe.
Insulin needles.
