PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  His past medical history was significant for dyspnea on exertion, fatigue times six months, glaucoma, benign prostatic hypertrophy, bladder polyp resection, hernia repair, bilateral carpal tunnel syndrome repair, transurethral resection of prostate and a remote head injury.
Aspirin one tablet each day.
Lisinopril 2.5 mg a day.
Nitroglycerin 0.4 mcg once daily.
Flomax 0.4 mg q.h.s.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Zoloft 50 mg p.o.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was taken to the operating room on [**2108-1-4**], for a coronary artery bypass graft times two, left internal mammary artery to left anterior descending, saphenous vein graft to OM with a mitral valve repair.
The patient did well with the procedure and an EVH was performed on the right thigh.
Postoperatively, the patient was transferred to the CSRU, weaned off drips and was extubated.
On postoperative day number one, he was doing well, requiring only a small amount of tone with  Neo-Synephrine and insulin drip.
His hematocrit had drifted down to 23.0 on postoperative day one for which he got two units of red blood cells which brought his hematocrit back up to 28.0 appropriately.
The Foley was discontinued on day two as well as central line and he was transferred to the floor.
On that night, he was intubated and A line and central line were placed to help monitor him.
Chest tube was inserted to help drain an effusion on the left side.
He had some atrial fibrillation and an Amiodarone drip was started.
Tube feeds were begun.
On postoperative day number five, at this point we had started the patient on broad spectrum antibiotics, given chest x-ray showing a likely picture of possible aspiration, some Vancomycin, Levofloxacin and Flagyl.
He was back on Neo-Synephrine, Amiodarone and Propofol and was tolerating tube feeds.
Postoperative day six, antibiotics were continued.
We weaned off the Neo-Synephrine.
pain control, stable with Amiodarone and pulmonary we tried to wean him.
He was on Aspirin and deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis.
Postoperative day Vancomycin, Levofloxacin and Flagyl day six.
His atrial fibrillation, the Amiodarone was rebolused.
A new central line was placed.
He had Amiodarone continuing and continuous Lopressor p.o.
and he was weaned, pressors weaned and tube feeds were a go.
On postoperative day ten, the patient remained in a lot of atrial fibrillation and was weaned off Neo-Synephrine and Heparin drip was started.
Insulin was started for high sugars.
On postoperative day eleven, Vancomycin, Levofloxacin and Flagyl day number nine.
The Amiodarone was changed back to intravenous from p.o.
Liver function tests correlated this as well as ultrasound and CAT scan.
On postoperative day twelve, the patient continued on Heparin drip.
He received aggressive chest physical therapy and tolerated it well.
Potassium Chloride 20 meq p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Milk of Magnesia p.r.n.
Bisacodyl 10 mg suppository PR p.r.n.
Flomax 0.4 mg q.h.s.
Zoloft 50 mg p.o.
Prednisolone Acetate Ophthalmic drops four times a day.
Levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.
Vancomycin one gram q12hours for a total of two week course.
Reglan 10 mg intravenous q4hours.
Flagyl 500 mg p.o.
Tylenol 650 mg to 1000 mg q6-8hours p.r.n.
Percocet Elixir 5 to 10 cc q4-6hours p.r.n.
Ipratropium Bromide nebulizer one to two nebulizers every four hours around the clock until 14th and then p.r.n.
Albuterol nebulizers one to two nebulizers every four hours around the clock until 14th and then p.r.n.
Metoprolol 25 mg p.o.
Furosemide 20 mg intravenously twice a day times seven days and then reevaluate for body fluid status and make decision to continue or not.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
Insulin sliding scale starting at 150 to get 2 units, greater than 200 to get 4 units, greater than 250, to get 6 units, greater than 300 to get 8 units and house officer on call should be notified.
All these antibiotics should include hospital days when counting the two week course.
He was sedated while he was intubated and postoperatively he was moving all four extremities without evidence of any ischemia in the brain or any neurologic damage.
He was started on Amiodarone and blockaded with Lopressor which he tolerated well and he was transferred to the floor out of the Intensive Care Unit with that.
Otherwise, at baseline he does not have a very good respiratory status and around the clock inhalers of both Albuterol and Ipratropium are being used on him in order to maximize his respiratory status as well as aggressive chest physical therapy.
Gastrointestinal - The patient is not tolerating diet and requiring tube feeds for the last ten days.
The patient was started on Vancomycin, Levofloxacin, Flagyl empirically and none of the cultures showed anything after discussion with the cardiac team.
The patient is to go on a total of two weeks of antibiotics as noted on page one.
Hematology - The patient was transfused two units of blood during his hospital stay.
