The patient had missed his doses of Dilantin due to a late mail order of his medications.
The patient's status epilepticus broke after Dilantin load on Ativan in the Emergency Room.
Patient was also initially hypertensive in the Emergency Room to 220/100 and then hypotensive upon arrival to the Intensive Care Unit with a blood pressure of 84/50 which responded to intravenous fluids.
Vasotec 10 twice a day.
Atenolol 50.
Dilantin 100 twice a day.
Aspirin 81.
ALLERGIES:  Reportedly to Penicillin and Sulfa with a rash.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  This is a 49 year old gentleman with seizure disorder status post stroke in [**2167**], admitted with grand mal tonic-clonic seizure and status epilepticus which broke after the Dilantin load and Ativan.
The patient was intubated and then managed in the Intensive Care Unit for one night.
Patient was continued with aggressive intravenous fluids and his electrolytes were monitored very carefully.
The patient was started on bicarbonate in his intravenous fluids for two days to alkalinize his urine.
Patient's status epilepticus was likely related to patient's missing multiple doses of his home Dilantin due to the mail order medication being late.
Patient stayed on Dilantin throughout his hospital stay.
Planned outpatient follow-up on Dilantin levels and titration.
Blood pressure:  The patient was initially hypotensive in the Intensive Care Unit, but responded to intravenous fluids after the Dilantin intravenous was stopped.
Patient's beta-blocker was titrated up as needed.
The patient was continued on Levofloxacin and Flagyl which had been started in the Intensive Care Unit for coverage and was continued on this for a seven day course.
The patient's tongue was evaluated by Ear, Nose, and Throat consult who recommended conservative treatment.
Patient was continued on Peridex swish and spit which he was discharged on for use at home.
He should consider starting iron supplements as an outpatient after rhabdomyolysis has resolved.
History of stroke:  The patient was continued on aspirin and blood pressure control as above.
Fluids, Electrolytes and Nutrition:  The patient was evaluated by Speech and Swallow after his Intensive Care Unit stay with intubation and was cleared for p.o.
with pureed and thin liquids.
The patient's electrolytes should be monitored closely given his rhabdomyolysis.
Peridex by mouth swish and spit times 10 days.
Atenolol 100 once daily.
Aspirin 325 once daily.
Ranitidine 150 twice a day.
Celexa 20 once daily.
Levofloxacin 500 once daily, total of 7 day course.
Flagyl 500 three times a day, total of 7 day course.
Phenytoin 100 mg q12 hours.
