MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  His medications on admission included colchicine, Accupril, Cardizem-XR, and multivitamins.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  When he arrived in the trauma bay, his heart rate was 76, and his blood pressure of 132 systolic, with saturations in 97% percentile.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to be ruled out for myocardial infarction and to be placed on thiamine, folate, and multivitamins for his history of alcohol abuse and to be placed on deep venous thrombosis prophylaxis with Lovenox, given his history of deep venous thrombosis.
The patient was initially to be admitted for observation, but by hospital day two; although his diet was advanced, he remained somewhat confused and unsafe for discharge.
He had Ativan which was increased, and he had a Psychiatry consultation obtained, who continued to agree with our support through his alcohol withdrawal.
The patient was started on a course of oxacillin for presumed aspiration pneumonia.
Psychiatry followed closely with the patient during this time, and he was kept on delirium tremens support with Ativan drip, multivitamin, thiamine, and folate.
The patient was also seen by Orthopaedics during this time, who decided that he be nonweightbearing, which eventually throughout his hospital course was changed to weightbearing as tolerated.
The patient was kept in the Intensive Care Unit and intubated until it was deemed that he was predominantly over this pneumonia, and he was extubated, but remained in the Intensive Care Unit for several more days for aggressive pulmonary toilet including periodic nasal trumpet for deep suctioning and chest physical therapy.
The patient was maintained nutritionally on tube feeds during this time through a nasogastric feeding tube.
There, he began his physical therapy and was seen by Nutrition who recommended that he have a swallow evaluation.
The patient was unsafe for any thin liquids.
He was placed on aspiration precautions but began on an oral diet which he tolerated well.
At the time of discharge, the patient had completed his complete course of oxacillin (10 days), and was doing well with physical therapy.
He was restarted on his colchicine, and his ankle at the time of discharge was nontender but mildly swollen.
Lopressor 50 mg p.o.
Coumadin (which he had been converted to from Lovenox).
Prilosec 20 mg p.o.
Quinidine patch at 0.1 mg every week (which could be tapered to off in the near future).
Colchicine at 0.6 mg p.o.
The patient was to be restarted on his Accupril and a multivitamin as well.
