He had an uneventful postprocedure course, and was following up with his primary surgeon, when his blood pressures noted to be 240 systolic and 130 diastolic.
Specifically, he denied any chest pain, back, neck, abdominal or headache pain.
The surgeon referred the patient to the Emergency Room where he was started on a nitroprusside drip for improvement of his systolic blood pressure.
Type A-aortic dissection, status post repair along with aortic valve repair.
Aspirin 325 q day.
Labetalol 400 mg po tid.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  This 51-year-old gentleman with a type A aortic dissection status post repair along with an aortic valve repair one month prior to admission.
Was admitted with asymptomatic hypertension.
Hypertension:  In the Emergency Room, the patient was initially started on a nitroprusside drip.
Once transferred to the CCU, the oral labetalol dose was increased and the nitroprusside was gradually weaned off.
The ACE inhibitor dosage was also maxed out, and he was started on both Norvasc and hydrochlorothiazide.
The patient then started to have intermittent periods of hypotension which were resolved by placing him in the Trendelenburg position and IV fluid bolus.
Gradually, he was weaned down to labetalol 800 tid and Captopril 75 mg tid with good blood pressure control.
He was started on Synthroid.
He was then transferred back to the CCU, and he was started on a labetalol drip along with po labetalol.
His blood pressure remained elevated after maxing out the labetalol, and he was started on a low dose ACE inhibitor.
His blood pressure was controlled with labetalol 800 mg tid and lisinopril 15 mg at bedtime.
Psoriasis:  Patient has a long history of psoriatic lesions for which he was started on a high potent steroid cream with positive results.
He was to followup with a dermatologist for further management options.
Lisinopril 15 mg q hs.
Labetalol 800 mg tid.
Plavix 75 mg q day.
Aspirin 325 mg q day.
Levothyroxine 25 mcg q day.
He was also told not to operate any heavy machinery to include driving any motor vehicles for at least two weeks while his medications are being adjusted.
