She had an obstruction of her left renal pelvis and required ureteral stent placement.
At that time, a post stent placement pus was extruded after the stent was placed.
Subsequently, the patient was titrated off chemical pressors and extubated and had several bouts of bacteremia including vancomycin-resistant enterococcus and methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus associated with central lines.
She was ultimately discharged to rehabilitation and was in recovery.
In the interim she had been in rehabilitation, relatively doing fine and was scheduled for ureterostomy stent change and stone ablation on the day of [**8-14**].
She subsequently dropped her blood pressures down to 60 systolic, and a central line was placed, and she was started on chemical pressors.
Status post bilateral mastectomy for comfort.
Status post total abdominal hysterectomy.
ALLERGIES:  Allergies include questionable allergy to PENICILLIN, SULFA, ERYTHROMYCIN, and CIPROFLOXACIN which cause either gastrointestinal upset or rash.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Medications at home included Docusate 100 mg p.o.
b.i.d., captopril 6.25 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Lopressor 50 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Lipitor 20 mg p.o.
q.d., NPH 20 units q.a.m.
and 15 units q.p.m., Protonix 40 mg p.o.
q.d., multivitamin, Lasix 40 mg p.o.
q.d., iron sulfate 325 mg p.o.
q.d., Zoloft 100 mg p.o.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Vital signs revealed temperature was 101, heart rate was 103, blood pressure was 114/60 (on Neo-Synephrine and Levophed).
Intubated on ventilatory with settings of synchronized intermittent mandatory ventilation 600 X 12, FIO2 of 100% pressure support, a positive end-expiratory pressure of 5, saturating 100%.
The patient had a right internal jugular central line in place.
PULMONARY:  The patient was kept on ventilatory support throughout her entire Intensive Care Unit course, and no weaning was performed as she had required respiratory support.
HYPERTENSION:  The patient was started on chemical pressors and subsequently maxed out on vasopressin, Levophed, and Neo-Synephrine.
The patient was started on linezolid, ceftazidime, and metronidazole for treatment empirically.
Despite maximal supportive therapy with chemical pressors and mechanical ventilation, the patient persisted to have worsening sepsis.
After a lengthy discussion with the family, the decision was made to withdraw chemical pressor support.
The patient was started on a Fentanyl drip, and the patient expired minutes after withdrawal of chemical pressors.
