HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 77 year old female, status post right nephrostomy tube placement for hydronephrosis, who, in the past had had a left colectomy with a coloanal anastomosis, who, also underwent XRT which was the cause of her hydronephrosis, who, presented with increasing right flank pain and right lower quadrant pain and abdominal distention.
Her husband had placed the nephrostomy tube which was clamped to gravity and started her on Ciprofloxacin for a possible urinary tract infection and brought her to the hospital.
MEDICATIONS:  Her medications on admission were: 1.
Neurontin 300 mg p.o.
and then 600 mg p.o.
Ciprofloxacin prn.
Hematocrit, 32.7 and platelet count of 355.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient is admitted with urinary tract infection to the Medical Service and given antibiotics to cover both Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus and gram negative rods and continued on her medications.
She was stable at that time and it was decided that she could be watched with conservative management.
Her antibiotics were widened.
On exam by the Surgical Service, it was noted that she had feculent material coming out of her Foley catheter and a colovesicular fistula was diagnosed.
A three way Foley was placed and Urology continues to follow.
She continued to have increasing abdominal pain with increasing white count and on [**2161-11-22**], it was decided that the patient should go to the Operating Room for a diverting loop transverse colostomy.
The patient was taken to the Operating Room where an exploratory laparotomy, lysis of adhesions and loop colostomy was performed.
In the Intensive Care Unit, she slowly improved with widened antibiotics and Neo-Synephrine was used for blood pressure support, however, it was able to be weaned off after initial episodes of hypotension.
She was continued on Vancomycin, Levofloxacin and Flagyl for both Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus as well as for her colovesicular fistula.
The patient's Neo-Synephrine requirement slowly weaned and pain medication was found to be very effective on this patient, however, it would cause hypotension.
Therefore, pain medication was slowly titrated to an adequate amount of pain control, however, without the side effect of hypotension.
The patient was started on TPN for nutritional support through her long Intensive Care Unit stay and did turn p.o.
She had significant dilated loops of bowel intraoperatively as well as postoperatively and was required on significant fluid volume.
TPN was brought to goal and the patient tolerated the procedure well.
A PIC line was placed for long term TPN and for access purposes.
She was started on continuous bladder irrigation at a very slow rate and this was found to help clear the feculent material from the bladder and her blood pressure slowly resolved.
The patient continued to have continuous bladder irrigation and a Foley catheter was used to flush the distal aspect of the colon.
At that time a significant amount of stool was removed from the distal colon and postoperatively, two days after that, the distal aspect of the diverting loop colostomy was closed using chromic stitches at the bed side.
The patient tolerated the procedure well and the output of the colovesicular fistula reduced.
Therefore, it was decided that the Foley catheter would be removed and the patient was monitored from that point.
The patient was able to void adequately in spite of having the colovesicular fistula after closure of the diverting loop colostomy distal end.
On postoperative day #12, the patient's staples were removed and the right nephrostomy tube was changed as per planned change from six months status.
The Vanco was stopped after Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus was not identified in the urine and Flagyl was stopped after cultures were negative for anaerobes.
It was decided that the Levofloxacin would be continued for 21 days, a complete three week course.
The patient's nasogastric tube was removed postoperatively after the ileus ................... resolved and the patient was slowly advanced on her diet which she tolerated.
It was achieved that the patient could take a liter of TPN with near goal amino acids at night over a 12 hour time frame and have it weaned off in the morning, therefore, allowing the patient to be able to eat throughout the day.
The patient, at this time, is deemed for rehabilitation and planned for placement at an acute care level of rehabilitation where TPN could be continued.
The patient had calorie count which were done, however, for two of the three days, the patient was kept NPO for procedures, therefore, the calorie counts were continued until this time as an adequate and correct count could be done.
Colovesicular fistula, status post exploratory laparotomy and diverting loop colostomy.
Diphenhydramine 25 mg p.o.
She is also kept on Insulin sliding scale for her TPN coverage and her blood sugars were well controlled with that.
She also had Sarna Lotion placed in the affected areas b.i.d.
Heparin subcutaneously 5,000 units b.i.d.
She had ostomy care done and was planned to be continued at her rehabilitation facility and also her right nephrostomy tube will be left to gravity through this time in order to have adequate drainage of her right kidney.
