He was found on admission to be hypoxic and with bilateral infiltrates on chest x-ray, diagnosed as heart failure versus pneumonia.
He was treated with Levofloxacin initially in the unit and improved rapidly, was called out to the floor the next day, however, transferred back to the Medical Intensive Care Unit the following day for progressive hypoxia.
At that point, his antibiotics were Ceftriaxone and Azithromycin and he was diuresed gently for question of congestive heart failure.
Glipizide 10 mg p.o.
Lipitor 10 mg p.o.
Diltiazem 120 mg p.o.
Actos 30 mg p.o.
Community acquired pneumonia - The patient was treated with antibiotics, Levofloxacin initially and then switched to Ceftriaxone and Azithromycin for progressive hypoxia.
He never required intubation while in the unit.
Given his low ejection fraction, he was started on afterload reduction with Isordil and Hydralazine.
After his renal failure resolved, he was transitioned to an ace inhibitor and his creatinine has been stable on low dose ace inhibitor.
He was also started on beta blocker.
Consideration of anticoagulation for apical akinesis was brought up, however, on discussion with the primary care physician, [**Name10 (NameIs) **] was deemed that he was not an anticoagulation candidate because of a fall risk.
He will be discharged on his new cardiac regimen to be titrated as an outpatient.
He was thought to be prerenal given initial improvement with intravenous fluids.
His CK was elevated to around 3000 with an unclear etiology with large blood on dipstick but no red blood cells on microscopy.
His course was also complicated by urinary retention secondary to Haldol which was given in the unit after an episode of agitation.
A Foley was placed temporarily but after removal, the patient had been voiding on his own with good urine output.
Acidosis - The patient has mixed gap and nongap acidosis.
Diabetes mellitus - The patient is on Glipizide and Actos.
He has been on Klonopin as an outpatient and this was held during his hospitalization.
He did have an episode of agitation in the Medical Intensive Care Unit which was blamed on Klonopin withdrawal and the Klonopin was resumed with subsequent oversedation.
Therefore, on the floor, his Klonopin was held and he has had no withdrawal symptoms.
DISCHARGE SERVICES:  VNA for safety evaluation and medication supervision.
Zestril 2.5 mg p.o.
Toprol XL 25 mg p.o.
Glipizide 10 mg p.o.
Actos 30 mg p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
