Two large bore intravenous lines were placed.
The patient was transfused 3 units of packed red blood cells with resolution of her tachycardia.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Medications on admission included aspirin 81 mg p.o.
q.d., Aricept 5 mg p.o.
q.d., Oxybutynin chloride 5 mg p.o.
q.d., Accupril 10 mg p.o.
q.d., Premarin 0.3 mg p.o.
q.d., Levoxyl 5 mcg p.o.
GASTROINTESTINAL SYSTEM:  The patient presented with a decreased hematocrit and guaiac-positive stools.
The patient was treated for an upper gastrointestinal bleed with the usual two large bore intravenous lines and was transfused 3 units with a stable post transfusion hematocrit.
The patient was scheduled for an esophagogastroduodenoscopy as well as a colonoscopy while she was in house.
The procedure was stopped secondary to the tortuosity of the colon and the patient's pain during the procedure.
Given the patient that the patient's hematocrit remained stable status post transfusion for over 24 hours, and the patient was tolerating her proton pump inhibitor, it was recommended that she follow up with her primary care physician regarding the results of the biopsy and for further management.
The patient was recommended to hold off on restarting her aspirin and Accupril until she followed up with her daughter's primary care physician four days after discharge.
She was continued on her Aricept while in house with no complications.
The patient was continued on her oxybutynin without recourse.
ENDOCRINE SYSTEM:  The patient has a history of hypothyroidism and was continued on her Levoxyl without problems.
The patient was transfused 3 units and tolerated the transfusion well with stabilization of her hematocrit status post transfusion.
Aricept 5 mg p.o.
Oxybutynin chloride 5 mg p.o.
Premarin 0.3 mg p.o.
Levoxyl 5 mcg p.o.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
The patient was instructed to hold on her aspirin 81 mg p.o.
as well as her Accupril 10 mg p.o.
until she went and followed up with her primary care physician four days after discharge to assess both her hematocrit and her blood pressure at that time.
DISCHARGE FOLLOWUP:  The patient was to follow up with her daughter's primary care physician after discharge regarding the biopsy results, and also for a hematocrit check, as well as a blood pressure check.
