ACUTE-ON-CHRONIC RENAL FAILURE ISSUES:  The patient continued to have decreasing urine output over the course of her stay and at times became anuric and was eventually started on hemodialysis.
Because the patient's blood pressures were still hypotensive, she was started on continuous venovenous hemodialysis which the patient tolerated well for the first 24 hour to 36 hours.
The patient was transfused 2 units of packed red blood cells and tolerated this well.
During this time, the patient's blood pressure was slightly low and was started on short-term pressors; however, this was titrated off within 12 hours, and the patient's blood pressure remained stable off pressors.
The patient remained anuric and was restarted on continuous venovenous hemodialysis for another three days.
Otherwise, the patient was continued on renally dosed medications with avoidance of nephrotoxins.
The patient's creatinine improved while on dialysis; however, her urine output remained low throughout the course of this stay and will likely need to continue dialysis until her renal function improves and urine output picks up.
Otherwise, the patient had a Quinton catheter placed by the Renal team under ultrasound guidance in her right internal jugular vein for hemodialysis access, and this remained stable throughout the course of her stay.
Eventually, the patient will need a tunnel hemodialysis catheter if she remains on this for a longer period of time.
The patient was also continued on her immunosuppressive regimen of tacrolimus, and CellCept, and prednisone.
The patient's medication regimen was dosed per levels, and these remained stable.
RESPIRATORY FAILURE ISSUES:  For the patient's respiratory failure, after her episode of unresponsiveness, the patient was restarted on ventilation through her tracheostomy site, and the patient had a blood gas which was shown to be acidotic and hypertachypneic; however, was more consistent with a metabolic source of her unresponsiveness.
The patient was weaned rapidly within days off of the ventilator and currently has completed greater than 72 hours on trach trial without evidence of fatigue.
The patient was to continue to try trach cap trials to improve her upper airway ventilation, and as tolerated will try to wean back down on the size of her tracheostomy site to eventual removal as the patient shows competence with respiratory status without the tracheostomy and without fatigue.
The patient was continued on a tracheostomy mask to support her oxygenation; although, she was tried on nasal cannula at times and tolerated this well.
Because of poor upper airway support, the patient tolerated the tracheostomy mask well, and this can be weaned as tolerated with the goal of eventual tracheostomy removal.
SEPTIC THROMBOPHLEBITIS ISSUES:  The patient developed septic thrombophlebitis on her right upper extremity where she had previously had a peripherally inserted central catheter line placed and developed a clot as well as positive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection at that site.
The patient was to continue for a 6-week total course of vancomycin and was to continue anticoagulation with Coumadin as she is allergic to heparin.
If needed, if her INR drops below 2, the patient should be started on her argatroban to maintain appropriate anticoagulation.
She was continued on her aspirin, Plavix, and beta blocker which was titrated up as tolerated for better blood pressure control.
TYPE 1 DIABETES ISSUES:  The patient was continued on her glargine with Humalog sliding-scale; however, because of poor control, which was especially worsened while high-dose steroids, the patient was started on an insulin drip for 36 hours to 48 hours.
This was eventually weaned off, and the patient was started back on her glargine and Humalog regimen.
Eventually the patient's nutritional status improved where she did not require tube feeds and was taking good amounts through mouth.
Otherwise, for diabetic gastroparesis, the patient was restarted on her home regimen of domperidone which was brought in by her husband which she was to continue to take for making her gastroparesis better.
Eventually, her percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube can be replaced if the patient continues to have good oral intake.
