Small bowel obstruction status post exploratory laparotomy, lysis of adhesions and small bowel resection for mesenteric ischemia.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for sarcoid, gout, history of compression fractures, history of syncope, chronic renal insufficiency, orthostatic hypertension, osteoporosis, status post cholecystectomy in [**2104-8-16**], history of MRSA, line sepsis.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Advil, Allopurinol, Celexa, potassium, Oxycontin, Prilosec, Temazepam, testosterone, Vicodin.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On examination he had an NG tube placed in the Emergency Room with relief of nausea.
He had a left cervical lymph node that was palpable.
LABORATORIES ON ADMISSION:  White count 19,000 with 90% neutrophils and a hematocrit of 37, platelet count 408.
ALT 25, AST 30, alkaline   phosphatase 30, amylase 54, total bilirubin 0l.4, albumin 3.7, lipase 28.
He had an NG tube that was placed, a low wall resection and was placed on IV fluids and was given morphine for his complaints of back pain.
HOSPITAL COUSRE:  He continued to have moderate NG tube output that were decreasing.
CT scan was ordered, however, he developed acute respiratory distress and was started on heparin for presumptive pulmonary embolism.
On that evening and following into the day he required increasing doses of pressors and IV fluid.
His NG tube outputs were increased as well and with this deterioration and along with his medical condition along with his CAT scan findings he was taken to the Operating Room where a low midline incisions and multiple dilated loops of small bowel were found along with an area of a closed group obstruction of a loop of about 15 cm of bowel that was ischemic.
He tolerated the procedure overall very well.
He was brought to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit and was started on broad spectrum antibiotics.
He was sedated initially with propofol, Ativan and morphine, which are all off now.
He requires chest PT and suctioning for his decreased   ability of cough and he is also receiving Atrovent and Albuterol nebs.
He obviously does not require any pressors at this time and he is stable.
He was started on tube feeds, which he is on goal at 60.
He is to remain NPO, but to continue follow up tube feeds until his follow up appointment, which will also be documented on the page one.
He is not getting a standard dose of Lasix at this time.
He has been receiving subQ heparin and Venodyne boots for deep venous thrombosis prophylaxis.
He is on as mentioned Vancomycin for a bronchioalveolar lavage and a sputum culture that demonstrated staph aureus.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  He is on Vancomycin 1 gram IV q 24 hours, Atrovent MDI four to six puffs q 4 hours prn.
He is on Albuterol four to six puffs MDI q 4 hours prn.
Colace 100 mg b.i.d.
SubQ heparin 5000 units b.i.d., vitamin C 500 mg b.i.d., multi vitamin elixir q day, Reglan 10 mg q.i.d.
As mentioned he has been getting intermittent doses of potassium and Lasix, however, none at this moment in time.
