INTRAPARTUM HISTORY:  Significant for thick meconium with amnioinfusion being utilized.
Intrapartum antibiotics were administered.
The infant was delivered vaginally with shoulder dystocia.
The patient required bag mask ventilation x 5 breaths with improved color.
Infant with three-vessel cord.
Respiratory:  Initially the patient required nasal cannula O2 for moderate respiratory distress.
Fluids, electrolytes and nutrition:  Soon after birth the patient was diagnosed with profound hypoglycemia requiring aggressive intervention with dextrose infusion up to D20.
She was started on diazoxide with stabilization of her blood glucoses and was able to be transitioned off concentrated IV dextrose-containing fluid to normal enteral feedings.
We are obtaining blood glucoses once daily and will wean her diazoxide by 1 mg per kg per day for D-sticks greater than 80 over three consecutive days.
While the patient was on intravenous fluids, electrolytes were closely monitored and remained essentially within normal limits.
The patient is currently on Enfamil 24 at 120 cc per kg per day with adequate growth.
GI:  The patient was initially on intravenous fluids and therefore n.p.o.
and when she was transitioned to enteral feedings, due to poor p.o.
This was unusual for a full-term infant and an investigation ensued.
Neurology was also consulted given the poor feeding and aside from some mild torticollis that they noted, they too agreed that the patient's examination was otherwise benign.
Given her behavior, there was concern for reflux, although frank reflux into her mouth with formula post feeds was never observed.
So empirically, she was started on Zantac and Reglan.
Because her gastric pH remained borderline around 4, Prilosec was added as well.
The Prilosec/Zantac combination improved her gastric pH and therefore the Zantac was discontinued but more recently her gastric pH has dropped and her Prilosec will be increased from 0.8 per kg per day to 0.7 per kg twice daily.
It has therefore been recommended to the family that a percutaneous gastrostomy tube be placed.
If however the irritability and poor feeding persist, an esophagogastroduodenoscopy may be performed to rule out other anatomic or mucosal abnormalities of the esophagus and stomach prior to placement of the percutaneous gastrostomy tube.
The patient is currently euglycemic on diazoxide 5 mg per kg per day divided t.i.d.
Infectious disease:  Give the respiratory distress at birth, the patient was treated with ampicillin and gentamicin for a total of seven days for presumed pneumonia.
