She was given doses of Hydrochlorothiazide and Levaquin and sent home.
The patient has a history of refractory hypertension managed on Clonidine transdermal and Norvasc.
At the Emergency Room, the patient's blood pressure was 208/80, heart rate was 120, respiratory rate was 30 and her oxygen saturation was 96% on four liters nasal cannula.
She was given aspirin, sublingual Nitroglycerin two times, and then was started on a Nitroglycerin drip.
She was given Lasix 40 mg intravenous times one and she diuresed 500 ml.
Cardiology fellow was consulted who recommended a heparin drip and low-dose beta blocker.
Norvasc 10 mg p.o.
Lipitor 10 mg p.o.
Clonidine transdermal.
She also had a low dose of beta blocker started with 12.5 mg p.o., twice a day.
She was also placed on Lasix for aggressive diuresis.
She was started on intravenous Lasix on as needed basis with 40 mg intravenously periodically given.
However, her MB index was only 3.
Besides the aspirin, beta blocker and Lasix, the patient was also started on heparin.
She was also on a Nitroglycerin drip.
Her Nitroglycerin drip was increased to 200 micrograms per minute.
Hydralazine was also given.
She was given Metoprolol 10 mg intravenous and 50 mg p.o.
She had evidence of three vessel disease, however, because she had a fever up to 101.0 F., in the catheterization laboratory, no intervention was done in the catheterization laboratory, secondary to concerns for a possible stent infection.
Consequently, intervention was deferred until her infection had resolved.
Her Nitroglycerin drip was decreased to 100 micrograms per minute.
After the catheterization laboratory findings, she was started on Atorvastatin.
Because of the catheterization findings of biventricular increased pressure, she was started on Hydralazine 10 mg p.o.
ACE inhibitor was held until her creatinine improved.
She was given 40 mg intravenous Lasix and her nitro drip was increased.
Because she was agitated, she was given Ativan and morphine.
Indications were to give essential intravenous agents.
She had a right external jugular line placed without complications.
After the catheterization, she was also started on Integrilin.
She was given a bolus of 10,000 micrograms intravenously times one and then started on a drip of 57 micrograms per minute intravenous continuous for 72 hours.
The dosage was to be done at 1 microgram per kilogram per minute, but then because of re-consideration, it was changed to 0.5 micrograms per kilogram per minute.
Because of concern of a possible hemorrhagic stroke, the anti-coagulants were stopped.
The Integrilin was stopped and heparin was stopped.
The aspirin was still continued.
Her Nitroprusside was started and the goal was transferring her back to Hydralazine.
Her furosemide was increased to 120 mg intravenous twice a day.
She responded with 5 mg of intravenous Metoprolol.
Nitroprusside was turned off in the setting of this low systolic blood pressure and blood pressure returned to 160 to 180.
Hydralazine was to be used on a p.r.n.
Consequently, she was started on Levofloxacin 250 mg p.o.
Because of her infection, no stent was placed during cardiac catheterization.
She was treated with Levofloxacin.
Her anti-coagulants were stopped at this time and her blood pressure was tried to be maintained between 140 and 180.
Aspirin was continued.
The family decided to opt for comfort measures only given the patient's poor prognosis.
After the cardiac catheterization, her creatinine steadily increased.
She was given Mucomyst prior to and after the procedure.
They also recommended continuing to decrease after-load with Hydralazine and then to consider ACE inhibitor once the patient was stabilized.
They felt the increased creatinine was due to her diuresis and possibly due to her contrast exposure.
She was given two units of blood and responded appropriately.
A repeat hematocrit was 31.8 after the two units of packed red blood cells.
Her stools were guaiac negative however, she was on the heparin and Integrilin but there was an unclear reason for the acute decrease in hematocrit, particularly in the setting of diuresis.
They also opted for comfort measures considering the patient's extremely poor prognosis.
