Mother received betamethasone at that point.
He was intubated at birth and was given Apgars of 2 at one minute, 5 neonatal intensive care unit for management of his prematurity.
The infant was intubated and ventilated in the delivery room.
He was not able to be oxygenated on conventional ventilation within the first day of life and was switched to high frequency oscillation ventilation.
His requirements were weaned down and he was switched back to conventional ventilation on day five of life and remained on low ventilatory settings with pressures of 17/5, rate 22, FIO2 0.3 to 0.4.
He received two boluses of normal saline and was commenced on a dopamine infusion.
His maximum dopamine was 30 mcg per kg per minute on day one of life.
He was commenced on a three day course of hydrocortisone at that point to improve his blood pressure control.
Dopamine was initially weaned down to about 2 mic per kg per minute on day seven of life, however, his requirements escalated at that point to a maximum of 22 mic per kg per minute at the time of his expiration.
Although he did not clinically have a murmur, he was noted to have an active precordium and full femoral pulses and was commenced on a course of indomethacin on day five.
He remained NPO throughout and was commenced on parenteral nutrition on his first day of life via a UVC (UAC was also placed).
He initially had metabolic acidosis and received several doses of sodium bicarbonate.
He developed hyperkalemia with maximum potassium of 8.8 on day one of life and required treatment with insulin and dextrose with resolution of his hyperkalemia.
He also had hypocalcemia and received several boluses of calcium gluconate.
As he was significantly bruised, he was commenced on phototherapy on his first day of life and this was also continued until his expiration.
He received four blood transfusions with packed red cells and one transfusion of platelets.
He was commenced on ampicillin and gentamicin.
Blood cultures were negative at 48 hours, however, in view of how critically ill he remained, the antibiotics were continued.
He was noted to have clinical seizures on day one of life and was commenced on anticonvulsant therapy with phenobarbital and fosphenytoin.
He essentially continued subclinical seizures which finally improved by day five of life, following multiple loads of phenobarbital and fosphenytoin.
However, on day eight of life he became oliguric and subsequently anuric with escalating requirements of inotropic support to maintain his blood pressure.
The infant was taken off the ventilator and held by his parents.
