Just prior to transfer, the patient's blood pressure increased to 180s to 200s, and was treated on nitrodrip and nitroprusside drip, and Lopressor all of which were quickly discontinued with his systolic blood pressure decreased rapidly to the 80s.
A trauma line was quickly placed left subclavian and 4 units of packed cells O negative was given from a level 1 transfuser, 2 liters of crystalloid as well were instilled in this patient, and his systolic blood pressure improved to the 130s, but only for a few minutes, and then his blood pressure again dropped to the 50s and was rushed to the operating room.
MEDICATIONS:  Unknown what his medications were.
In the operating room, they found a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm which was repaired with an aortic bifemoral bypass graft.
Intraoperatively, he was given 7 units of packed cells, 3 units of fresh-frozen plasma, and 2 of platelets.
He was started on antibiotics.
He was on Neo-Synephrine drip as well as propofol.
He had full vent support and Levophed was started as well to maintain his systolic blood pressure.
catheter was placed postoperatively to help with fluid management.
He was transferred to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit immediately postoperatively, and he had a complicated and long Intensive Care Unit course including a myocardial infarction, atrial fibrillation, acalculous cholecystitis, status post cholecystostomy drainage tube, acute renal failure with aneuria, hemodynamic instability, anemia, electrolyte abnormalities, hypotension, and hyperalimentation for malnutrition, unable to eat, ventilator dependence, volume overload requiring Lasix.
Cardiology was following him as well secondary to the atrial fibrillation in which he had amiodarone drip performed and transitioned to po.
Continuing on his TPN with sips of water and with moderate thick bilious output from his gallbladder drain to relieve the gallbladder inflammation.
The procedure was exploratory laparotomy, left colectomy, transverse colostomy, drainage of multiple intra-abdominal abscesses as well as assessing the cholecystostomy tube for the gallbladder.
Multiple units of fresh-frozen plasma was given for his coagulopathy and all the abscesses were drained.
At the end of the case, he had become anuric, again intubated, requiring hemodynamic instability on IV antibiotics requiring pressure support.
Renal consult was obtained suggested a continued TPN and to continue with volume resuscitation, who felt the oliguria was secondary to septic shock.
Continued to have respiratory distress and ventilatory dependence as well as dependence on total parenteral nutrition on pressors without any signs of improvement.
Continuing to be coagulopathic and family discussions with the Surgical Intensive Care Unit and the Surgical staff took place, and ended up deciding to change the patient's status to comfort measures only.
The pressors were weaned off.
Ventilatory support was continued, and he expired shortly thereafter in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit.
Status post repair of abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Status post percutaneously drained gallbladder with a cholecystostomy tube.
Repair of perforated left colon.
Incision and drainage of multiple intra-abdominal abscesses.
Left colectomy and transverse colostomy.
Tachycardia associated with arrhythmia requiring amiodarone and intravenous antiarrhythmic.
Malnutrition status post total parenteral nutrition.
