Reportedly the patient has had decreasing serum sodium levels and had been placed on fluid restriction of 3000cc per day with which he has been very noncompliant.
The patient was started on 3% sodium chloride at 42 cc/hour.
His only new medication as Celexa which was started on [**2162-2-5**].
Quadriplegia secondary to cervical spine cyst/abscess.
Albuterol two puffs q8hours.
Dulcolax 10 mg once daily.
Clonidine 0.1 mg once daily.
Diltiazem CD 180 mg once daily.
Enalapril 10 mg p.o.
Ibuprofen 600 mg p.o.
NPH 50 units q.a.m.
Loratadine 10 mg p.o.
Famotidine 20 mg p.o.
Losartan 50 mg p.o.
Suprapubic catheter in place.
Given the severity of his low sodium and his mental status changes, the patient was treated with hypertonic saline with subsequent increase in his serum sodium from 98 on admission to 104 by hospital day number one.
His sodium continue to improve and the hypertonic saline was discontinued and the patient was later started on a one to 1.5 liter fluid restriction with continued resolution of his hyponatremia.
The recent addition of Celexa to his medical regimen was felt to be possible cause of his syndrome of inappropriate diuretic hormone.
The renal service was consulted and agreed with the plan for hypertonic saline with a transition to fluid free water restriction as his sodium and mental status improved.
The patient was started on broad spectrum antibiotics with Levofloxacin and Vancomycin.
His fever workup included blood cultures one out of four positive for gram positive cocci and enterococcus with greater than 100,000 colonies, however, with a urinalysis which showed no nitrites and no leukocyte esterase raising suspicion for colonization of the suprapubic catheter without active infection.
The patient was, however, continued to be treated with Levofloxacin and Vancomycin was later discontinued as his fever curve trended down and the identification of the organism from the blood culture was coagulase negative Staphylococcus which was felt to be a contaminant.
He was treated with NPH insulin and sliding scale insulin and was eventually returned to his outpatient dose.
While he was intubated in the Intensive Care Unit, Fentanyl infusion was used for sedation.
He was treated with Levofloxacin with good response as well as with chest physical therapy given his quadriplegia.
