Has been requiring blood transfusions every three months.
Last week, she was treated with ciprofloxacin for a urinary tract infection.
Was started on dopamine and intubated for hypotension.
Anemia; no clear etiology, requires blood transfusions every two to three months.
Plaquenil 200 mg by mouth once per day.
Risperdal 0.5 mg by mouth twice per day.
Protonix 40 mg by mouth once per day.
Iron sulfate 325 mg by mouth once per day.
Synthroid 0.125 mg by mouth once per day.
Toprol-XL 50 mg by mouth once per day.
Procrit 10,000 units every week.
Other things on our differential that we were including were adrenal insufficiency and hypothermia with which she presented.
The patient had a triple lumen placed for access and aggressive intravenous fluid hydration.
The patient was started on dopamine and later on was changed to Levophed for blood pressure support.
Despite one pressor, the patient required pressors for blood pressure support.
Hence, we added on Neo-Synephrine and vasopressin.
The patient was covered with broad-spectrum antibiotics; vancomycin, levofloxacin, and Flagyl with one dose of gentamicin for a presumed infection.
Cortisol was checked and was unremarkable.
Metoprolol was held.
The patient was eventually stabilized on three pressors with an attempt to wean off pressors and see if the patient would be able to maintain her own blood pressure.
They did, in the interim, wish to continue with the intubation and mechanical support as well as intravenous antibiotics.
Despite out continued efforts in attempts to stabilize the patient and wean off pressors, the patient was not going to be able to tolerate being off mechanical ventilation or pressor support.
Per family, the patient was made comfort measures only and comfortable on a morphine sulfate drip.
Pacing wires were subsequently no longer needed as the patient's heart rate had returned to a regular rate without any further need for intervention.
The patient's family had also declined any further cardiac measures such as external pacing.
The patient was started on a warming blanket and concurrent antibiotics; vancomycin, levofloxacin, and Flagyl with one dose of gentamicin to treat the possible sepsis.
Cortisol was unremarkable.
On the second day of her admission, temperature was improved.
NON-ST-ELEVATION MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION ISSUES:  It was likely that the patient had a non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction secondary to demand given her hypotension.
Heparin was held, and the patient was given supportive measures such a blood pressure support on three pressors; Levophed, Neo-Synephrine, and vasopressin.
Her electrolytes were followed on a daily basis, and medications were renally dosed.
Her hematocrit dropped secondary to large intravenous fluid hydration and volume given.
One ampule of dextrose 50 was administered and consequent Dilantin loading was also done.
PROPHYLAXIS ISSUES:  The patient was maintained on heparin subcutaneously.
CODE STATUS ISSUES:  The patient was made do not resuscitate/do not intubate and subsequently comfort measures only.
ACCESS ISSUES:  The patient had a right internal jugular and left arterial line placed on [**10-12**].
