He had electrocardiograms done, enzymes, and chest x-rays and told that his pain was likely not cardiac.
He was given sublingual nitroglycerin times three, morphine, and given 10 units of Retavase times two (30 minutes apart).
The patient was started in a heparin drip and was pain free at the time of transfer to [**Hospital1 69**].
ALLERGIES:  TETRACYCLINE (causes swelling of the tongue) and TIMOPTIC and other BETA BLOCKER MEDICATIONS (which have led to respiratory difficulty).
Librium 10 mg p.o.
Rescula eyedrops one drop both eyes b.i.d.
Cardizem-CD 240 mg p.o.
Zantac 150 mg p.o.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Glucosamine chondroitin.
MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER:  Additional medications at the time of transfer included nitroglycerin drip and a heparin drip.
He was continued on aspirin, heparin drip, and a nitroglycerin drip.
The patient was initially given a test dose of esmolol at 50 mcg/kg per minute to control his heart rate which was elevated in the 90s.
The patient tolerated the esmolol very well, and the following morning was changed to oral Lopressor at 12.5 mg b.i.d.
On the morning of admission, the patient was also loaded on Plavix at 300 mg with the dose then changed to 75 mg p.o.
He was also started on Integrilin that evening in preparation for a catheterization the next day.
The distal circumflex stent was stented as well as was the medial right coronary artery stenosis.
The patient tolerated the procedure well, and after the catheterization laboratory went to the general medicine floor.
His beta blocker had been titrated up to a dose as high as 50 mg p.o.
His Lopressor was held initially, and the beta blocking effects were reversed with an albuterol inhaler; to which the patient responded to very well; however, his cough persisted.
Due to the possibility that his cough could have been induced by captopril which the patient had been started on, captopril was stopped, and he was changed to an angiotensin receptor blocker (Cozaar) on which he was to be discharged.
(b)  Pump:  The patient was started initially on captopril and titrated as his blood pressure allowed.
The patient was to be restarted on his outpatient dose of Cardizem 240 mg p.o.
PULMONARY SYSTEM:  On hospital day three, the patient developed respiratory complaints thought to be due to his beta blocker medications (as stated above).
The beta blocker was reversed with an albuterol inhaler, to which he responded to very well, and his symptoms resolved short of a mild dry cough; felt likely to be due to the captopril.
ANXIETY:  The patient was treated with librium as needed.
Following a Physical Therapy evaluation, he was deemed safe to return home.
Cozaar 25 mg p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Plavix 75 mg p.o.
Cardizem-CD 240 mg p.o.
Rescula eyedrops one drop both eyes b.i.d.
Zantac 150 mg p.o.
Librium 10 mg p.o.
Glucosamine chondroitin (as taken prior to admission).
