During the patient's last admission she had intermittent shortness of breath episodes that were treated with Lasix for pulmonary edema.
Her hospital course at that time was also complicated by a steroid induced myopathy, incidental thyroid nodule with biochemically sick euthyroid, acute T12 compression fracture, ataxia attributed to steroid myopathy, pancytopenia attributed to medication, and a PEG placement.
She was saturating 94% on two liters and had been placed on a nonrebreather by the EMS.
At the nursing home she had been given Ciprofloxacin, Azithromycin and ceftazidime for one day.
Status post PEG placement.
Albuterol nebulizers q. six hours.
Calcitriol 0.25 micrograms q. day.
Salmeterol 50 micrograms q.
Guaifenesin q. six hours p.r.n.
Tylenol p.r.n.
Dulcolax suppositories p.r.n.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Flovent 110 micrograms, six puffs twice a day.
Alendronate 5 mg p.o.
Lidocaine patch p.r.n.
Calcium carbonate 1500 mg twice a day.
Prednisone 15 mg p.o.
Atrovent nebulizers q. six hours.
Nystatin swish and swallow.
Paxil 10 mg p.o.
Risperdal 0.5 mg p.o.
Zithromax 250 mg q. day.
Ciprofloxacin 500 mg q. day.
Ceftazidine one gram intravenously q. eight hours.
Lasix 20 mg p.o.
Her oropharynx was dry and her mucous membranes were moist without exudates.
She had been placed on Levaquin to treat for the urinary tract infection, however, when the cultures came back showing methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus, the patient was switched to Vancomycin.
The first set of blood cultures ended up growth enterococcus which was resistant to Vancomycin; thus, the patient's Vancomycin was discontinued and the Levaquin was discontinued as well.
They recommended that the patient undergo possible transesophageal echocardiogram; however, given the patient's agitated state, this test was not done.
She was kept on the Linezolid and she was also started on clindamycin.
The patient had initially been placed on ceftazidime and Ciprofloxacin in case this had been a recurrence of her Pseudomonal pneumonia.
NUTRITION:   The patient was continued on her tube feeds for her PEG that had been placed at her prior admission.
The patient refused to have this test done, and given that she clearly had some risk of aspiration, she was made NPO as her diet throughout her hospital course.
PROPHYLAXIS:  The patient was placed on Colace, Dulcolax, heparin subcutaneously for deep venous thrombosis prophylaxis, fall precautions, aspiration precautions.
She was placed on a regular insulin sliding scale due to the diabetes mellitus that had developed from her long chronic use of Prednisone.
At the rehabilitation facility she will receive the antibiotics, Linezolid and clindamycin up to a total of three weeks.
In addition, the patient had been scheduled for certain appointments during her prior hospital stay which were still pending such as her appointment with Neurology and Pulmonary.
