She had completed a seven day course of levofloxacin and is to complete a two week course of steroids for her COPD exacerbation.
She is also continued on her standing albuterol metered-dose inhaler q.2h.
and Atrovent q.6h.
Patient does not tolerate nebulizer treatments very well and continues on MDIs.
She was also restarted on her home regimen of high-dose Flovent, then Serevent standing to help with some baseline control.
Patient was eventually weaned off the nasal cannula, which she came to the floor on 4 liters to room air and sats were comfortable.
She was continued on an aspirin and a statin.
Her beta-blocker was held because of her COPD exacerbation.
She was started on diltiazem and was titrated up on this during her course of her floor stay.
She is currently on a regimen of 120 mg q.i.d.
Eventually, the patient can be restarted on a beta-blocker as described above, and her diltiazem can be tapered down.
Hypertension:  Patient was stable on her regimen of diltiazem and ACE inhibitor, and again her ACE inhibitor doses were decreased here to allow for more blood pressure control with her diltiazem, calcium-channel blocker.
Initially, the outside hospital treated with levofloxacin, then completed treatment here with ampicillin.
Leukocytosis:  Patient had a leukocytosis up to 30,000 with bands and metamyelocytes on her differential.
If there is evidence of atypical cells, then to pursue a further hematologic workup.
She was continued on her Zoloft for depression, and started on risperidone for some sundowning and insomnia effects.
Sinusitis:  The patient was started on Augmentin as she was found to have evidence of air-fluid levels of her sinuses on her head CT.  She is to complete a 10 day course of this, and once her respiratory status was more stable, she should start an Ocean Spray to help decongest her sinuses.
Prophylaxis:  The patient was started on a proton-pump inhibitor, subq Heparin, and bowel regimen.
Also started on calcium and vitamin D for osteoporosis prophylaxis and sliding scale insulin while on steroids.
Tylenol 325-650 mg p.o.
Albuterol 1-2 puffs inhaled q.2h.
Ipratropium metered-dose inhaler two puffs inhaled q.6h.
Serevent 150 mcg Diskus inhaled b.i.d.
Augmentin 500 mg p.o.
Levothyroxine 100 mcg p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Atorvastatin 10 mg p.o.
Guaifenesin 10 mL q.6h.
Multivitamin one p.o.
Calcium 500 mg p.o.
Vitamin D 400 units q.d.
Pantoprazole 40 mg p.o.
Nitrofurantoin 100 mg p.o.
Bisacodyl 10 mg p.o./p.r.
Captopril 12.5 mg p.o.
Prednisone 40 mg p.o.
Diltiazem 120 mg p.o.
Risperidone 1 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Zoloft 50 mg p.o.
Fluticasone 110 mcg two puffs inhaled b.i.d.
Subq Heparin 5000 units q.8 until ambulating.
Patient on minimal oxygen, ambulating with some assistance, and otherwise pain free.
Patient is also to eventually have followup CBC to make sure persistence of no further atypical cells.
