A computed tomography of the abdomen confirmed a kidney stone in the left ureter with hydronephrosis.
The patient was evaluated by Urology and sent to the [**Hospital **] Care Center for emergent ureteroscopy and laser lithotripsy with stent placement.
In the Emergency Department, the patient received two liters of normal saline, Toradol 30 mg intravenously, and morphine 4 mg intravenously.
The procedure was without complications.
Intraoperatively, the patient received Versed 2 mg, Zofran 4 mg, Fentanyl 125 mcg, propofol 200 mg, Decadron 8 mg, Reglan 10 mg, succinylcholine, and albuterol in addition to three liters of normal saline.
Postoperatively, the patient received ciprofloxacin 500 mg by mouth, Pyridium 200 mg by mouth, and albuterol inhaler.
The patient was started on albuterol inhalers and had about two to three tablespoons of pink, brothy, blood-tinged sputum.
(b)  The patient has a history of multiple lithotripsy and cystoscopy procedures with extractions and stent placements.
Captopril 12.5 mg by mouth twice per day.
Urocit-K 1080 mg by mouth five times per day.
ASSESSMENT:  The patient is a 21-year-old gentleman with a history of cystinuria complicated by kidney stones, status post lithotripsy with general anesthesia.
It was also possible, given the patient's multiple allergies, that he had developed an allergic response to a number of the medications he had received intraoperatively which caused him to have some bronchospasm.
Of note, the patient received Decadron 8 mg in the operating room for unclear reasons which may have blunted any reaction he had, as with our examination he had no evidence of respiratory distress; although, he did have evidence of hypoxia by his oxygen saturations.
The patient was treated with albuterol nebulizers which were changed to ipratropium given increased tachycardia with the albuterol.
He was continued on a steroid inhaler and cromolyn inhaler as needed for shortness of breath.
He had a slight elevation in his white blood cell count but was not treated for any aspiration pneumonia.
He was to be treated with ciprofloxacin for three days in addition to Pyridium for three days; as per the Urology Service, and he can use Percocet as needed for pain.
The patient was to continue on captopril and Urocit as per his home regimen.
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE:  (Discharge medications included) 1.
Ciprofloxacin 500 mg by mouth q.12h.
Pyridium 200 mg by mouth three times per day (for two more days).
Flovent 110 mcg 2 puffs inhaled twice per day (for seven days).
Captopril 12.5 mg by mouth twice per day.
Cromolyn inhaler 2 puffs inhaled q.6h.
Urocit-K 1080 mg by mouth five times per day (as per home regimen).
