The patient denies any fevers, chills, chest pain, abdominal pain, shortness of breath, or polyuria.
The patient states she has been taking her insulin throughout the past three days except for the morning of admission.
Status post incision and drainage of a perirectal abscess.
Cesarean section.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Renagel, labetalol, Diovan, Norvasc, doxazosin, Niferex, Lasix, Epogen, insulin 20 units subcutaneous q.a.m.
HOSPITAL COURSE:   The patient was admitted to Medical Intensive Care Unit for treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis and severe acidemia with acute-on-chronic renal failure.
The Renal Service was immediately consulted for urgent hemodialysis for her elevated hyperkalemia and her metabolic acidosis.
They placed a temporary hemodialysis catheter and dialyzed the patient on the evening of the first hospital day.
An nasogastric tube was placed.
An insulin drip was started.
She was started on broad spectrum antibiotics, and Surgery was consulted for a possible incision and drainage of the abscess.
She had a CT scan on the second hospital day to look for possible retroperitoneal bleed given a 10-point hematocrit drop overnight, as well as to image the pancreas given her elevated amylase and lipase.
She received 2 units of packed red blood cells on the second hospital day for her 10-point hematocrit drop, and her hematocrit stabilized.
Her antibiotics were changed to oxacillin and ciprofloxacin.
The drainage was sent for Gram stain and culture.
On the fourth hospital day, the patient was improving with regard to her blood sugars, but she was still on an insulin drip as she was not taking p.o.
Therefore, ciprofloxacin was discontinued as there was no evidence of Pseudomonas.
The oxacillin was switched to dicloxacillin as the patient began to tolerate p.o.
The insulin drip was weaned off, and she was switched to subcutaneous NPH, as per the [**Last Name (un) **] recommendations.
She stayed there one final night to stabilize on her insulin as well as to monitor her tolerance to p.o.
NPH insulin 20 units subcutaneous q.a.m.
Labetalol 300 mg p.o.
Cardura 2 mg p.o.
Norvasc 5 mg p.o.
Valsartan 80 mg p.o.
Diovan HCTZ 150/12.5 mg p.o.
Renagel 400 mg p.o.
Dicloxacillin 500 mg p.o.
Right breast abscess, status post incision and drainage.
