He apparently landed on his head and had documented loss of consciousness and was found confused with significant blood loss on the back of his head.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Medications upon admission were unknown.
The patient became hemodynamically unstable while in the Emergency Department and was transferred initially to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit where he had a Swan-Ganz catheter placed to optimize fluid management.
The patient was found to have a very poor ejection fraction and required fluid and pressors to maintain his blood pressure.
The patient was not felt to be hemodynamically unstable due to blood loss, but a chest tube was placed in his right chest to relieve the hemothorax, but there was not noted to be excessive blood loss in his right chest tube.
The patient began growing rare enterococcus out of his cerebrospinal fluid and was treated with a course of antibiotics for this.
The patient remained off station and eventually slowly began improving his mental status.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  The patient was noted to have an initial episode of hypotension and was managed with a Swan-Ganz catheter, intravenous fluids, and pressors.
His echocardiogram showed global hypokinesis with an ejection fraction of just less than 20%, and he was eventually weaned off of his pressors.
It was felt that the stress of the trauma combined with his poor cardiac function at baseline prevented him from compensation and to maintain appropriate cardiac output.
His blood pressure stabilized at his customary range of systolics of 100 to 110 off pressors, and he was continued on his home medication regimen of amiodarone, Lasix, and lisinopril.
RESPIRATORY:  The patient's course was complicated by a right hemothorax for which a chest tube was placed and successfully drained.
He was treated with prolonged courses of antibiotics including vancomycin and imipenem and slowly responded with improvement in his ventilator status.
As the patient's mental status improved, he was able to be weaned off the ventilator.
He did have a tracheostomy placed due to his expected prolonged course with the anticipation that once he woke up fully he should be able to weaned off of his tracheostomy.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  The patient had no evidence of intra-abdominal injury and tolerated tube feeds intermittently throughout his stay.
The patient was continued throughout the course but did develop a Clostridium difficile colitis due to his multiple antibiotic regimen for his ventilatory-associated pneumonia.
He was begun on Flagyl 500 mg t.i.d.
His pubic rami fractures were felt to be stable, and he will have full recommendations with regard to his weightbearing status and mobility in a subsequent Discharge Summary.
The patient had a full course of antibiotics to treat this with good improvement and sterilization of his cerebrospinal fluid and blood.
Ventilator-associated pneumonia was treated with vancomycin and imipenem; although he did maintain persistently positive cultures while on this regimen.
He developed Clostridium difficile colitis from the multiple antibiotic regimens and was started on Flagyl which was be continued at the time of this dictation.
The patient's fever trended down, and his white blood cell count stabilized, and his antibiotic regimen will be tailored prior to discharge.
The patient was started on erythropoietin as it was felt by his cardiologist that optimization of his oxygen carrying capacity would help his poor ejection fraction and overall oxygenation.
However, he did require a tracheostomy and a percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube placement for ventilatory wean and tube feeding while he was weaned.
The patient was treated for multiple infections, and final recommendations as to the course of his antibiotics will be contained in a follow-up Discharge Summary.
