She did report that she had stopped using her Albuterol inhaler approximately two weeks prior to admission as she felt that it was making her vision blurry.
The patient reports that she does not use home oxygen although her physician had recommended it.
She received Lasix 20 mg IV, Solu-Medrol 125 mg IV, and levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.
The patient was placed on oxygen with a goal to keep her oxygen saturation between 90 and 92%.
She was started on antibiotics and a steroid taper for COPD exacerbation.
Grave's disease, status post x-ray therapy.
Calcium 9.5, phosphorus 3.4, magnesium 2.0.
Throughout the admission, the patient was aggressively diuresed with IV Lasix to be 1 liter negative per day.
In addition, she will be discharged on IV Lasix at a dose of 20 mg p.o.
The patient was continued on oxygen to maintain her oxygen saturation between 91 and 93%.
The patient was continued on her calcium channel blocker.
She was prescribed a low-sodium diet with a 1,500 cc per day fluid restriction.
CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE EXACERBATION:  The patient received IV Solu-Medrol during her stay in the Medical Intensive Care Unit.
Upon transfer to the floor, the patient was started on a prednisone taper.
The patient was continued on her Albuterol and Atrovent inhalers during the admission.
She was continued on her calcium channel blocker for rate control.
Initially, on admission, the patient's INR was elevated so her Coumadin dose was held for the first several days.
She was restarted on her Coumadin 2.5 mg on [**2110-11-12**].
The patient will be continued on Coumadin following discharge with close follow-up of her INR.
She was continued on her home Synthroid dose throughout the admission.
FLUIDS, ELECTROLYTES, AND NUTRITION:  The patient was continued on a low-sodium diet with a fluid restriction of 1,500 cc during admission.
Aggressive electrolyte replacement as needed.
REHABILITATION:  The patient was evaluated by Physical Therapy who believed that rehabilitation would be helpful for her.
Grave's disease, status post x-ray therapy.
Multivitamin one tablet p.o.
Folic acid 1 mg p.o.
Aspirin 81 mg one tablet p.o.
Docusate sodium 100 mg one tablet p.o.
Ipratropium bromide 18 micrograms two puffs inhaled q.i.d.
Albuterol 90 micrograms one to two puffs inhaled q. six hours p.r.n.
Levothyroxine 100 micrograms one tablet p.o.
Levothyroxine 200 micrograms one tablet on Sunday.
Isosorbide dinitrate 10 mg one tablet p.o.
Nifedipine 30 mg p.o.
Diltiazem 30 mg p.o.
Fluticasone 160 micrograms two puffs inhaled b.i.d.
Pantoprazole 40 mg p.o.
Senna laxative one tablet p.o.
Furosemide 20 mg one tablet p.o.
Azithromycin 250 mg one tablet p.o.
Prednisone 60 mg p.o.
Coumadin 2.5 mg one tablet p.o.
