His original episode of diarrhea was thought to be secondary to eating out at a restaurant with Cuban cuisine and possible beef exposure.
He was placed on nonrebreather face mask with initial oxygen saturation 88 percent, which improved to 95 percent on 3 liters without any intervention.
He noted brown urine starting approximately four days ago.
He has not had any abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, chest pain, or palpitations.
Aspirin 81 q.d.
Lipitor 20 mg q.d., which has been a stable dose over the    last six to seven years.
Prilosec 20 q.d.
Feldene 20 mg p.o.
Vital signs in the Emergency Department:  Temperature 94.6, blood pressure 129/90, which increased to 145/75 after 2 liters of intravenous fluid, heart rate went from 105 to 95, respiratory rate 20s, oxygen saturation 89 percentile on rebreather face mask, which improved to 95 percent on 3 liters nasal cannula.
Motor strength was effort dependent, however, he had 3-4/5 weakness in his bilateral hip flexors, knee extensors, knee flexion with intact strength bilateral plantar flexion, dorsiflexion.
Calcium 9.8, phosphorus 3.3, magnesium 2.8, albumin 3.3.
While in the Emergency Department, identified to have mild respiratory distress, which improved without significant intervention as well as acute renal failure and elevated CK.
He arrived in the Medical Intensive Care Unit approximately 6 p.m. and he was noted to have cold and clammy extremities, and was now on 6 liters of oxygen per nasal cannula.
Over the next two hours, the patient exhibited worsening tachypnea and altered mental status.
He was intubated at that point without any complications.
Given his worsening clinical condition, he was started on empiric antibiotics at that point for presumed blood-born infection.
Initial antibiotics were broad spectrum, and included Zosyn, Levaquin, doxycycline, Vancomycin, Flagyl.
After intubation, a left subclavian line was attempted, however, was unsuccessful.
A left internal jugular central venous catheter was placed without complications.
Followup chest x-ray after central line placement showed a moderate sized pneumothorax on the left, which was decompressed with a chest tube placed by Cardiothoracic Surgery.
Around midnight that evening, approximately six hours after admission to the Intensive Care Unit, patient's blood pressure had progressively fallen and now required intravenous pressors.
He was initially started on Levophed and eventually Vasopressin followed by Neo-Synephrine were added.
Likewise, his respiratory status declined throughout the evening, and cisastracurium was used for paralysis.
He had been previously on a bicarb drip throughout the evening with no apparent effect.
Blood pressures despite maximum dose of three vasopressive medications remained with the systolics in the 80s to 90s and heart rate in the 50s to 60s.
A discussion was had with his wife, who felt that resuscitation would not be consistent with patient's wishes, and he expired at 2:30 p.m. secondary to cardiac arrest.
After discussion with his wife, an autopsy was performed (which report is not available at this time), which was consistent with septic emboli to multiple organs including his kidneys.
