The patient had a paracentesis with removal of 5.5 liters of fluid.
The patient was started on Zosyn for empiric subacute bacterial peritonitis.
The patient had a hepatic panel showing negative for hepatitis A, B or C.  The patient was given lactulose for changes in mental status.
The patient was started on Lasix and Aldactone and gradually increased his creatinine to 3.1 on the day of transfer.
The patient was continued on tube feeds and started on triple therapy for Helicobacter pylori.
Albumin 25%.
The patient was put on therapy for Helicobacter pylori; no further evidence of gastrointestinal bleed noted.
The patient was treated with a ten day course of intravenous Ceftriaxone.
As the patient's creatinine became stable, the patient was started on diuretics (Aldactone and Lasix), and renal function on discharge was stable to 1.3 to 1.4.
Daily weights were monitored and the patient gained weight daily until diuretic therapy was initiated.
Per Neurosurgery, the patient was able to undergo Physical Therapy while wearing the brace.
Therefore, the patient was started on Aldactone and Lasix.
The patient requires standing dose diuretics to prevent reaccumulation of ascitic fluid.
However, the patient was symptomatically controlled with Zofran and Lactulose.
During hospitalization the patient has been encouraged to drink supplemental shakes.
The patient with a compression fracture, however, deemed safe for Physical Therapy per Neurosurgery only if wearing his spine brace.
The patient will require a long course of rehabilitation and Physical Therapy upon discharge from the hospital.
PROGNOSIS:  To receive medical care and follow-up.
Bactrim Single Strength one tablet p.o.
Ursodiol 300 mg p.o.
Pantoprazole 40 mg p.o.
Pentoxifylline 400 mg p.o.
Lactulose 30 mg q. two hours; titrate to four to five bowel movements per day.
Miconazole Powder 2% topical four times a day p.r.n.
Folic acid 1 mg p.o.
Thiamine 100 mg p.o.
Multivitamin one capsule p.o.
The patient's current diuretic regimen includes Furosemide 20 mg p.o.
Spironolactone 50 mg q. day.
The patient is to receive Physical Therapy upon discharge.
