Status post right total hip arthroplasty.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES:  Status post coronary artery bypass graft (two vessel bypass with intra-aortic balloon pump), saphenous vein graft to left anterior descending coronary artery, saphenous vein graft to ramus.
Status post cardiac catheterization.
Status post insertion of chest tube for pleural effusion.
Status post right total hip arthroplasty.
She was tried for a first period on the cool myocardial infarction protocol but this was aborted with the finding of a severe three vessel disease with an ejection fraction of 35 percent and cardiothoracic surgery service was consulted after placement of an intra-aortic balloon pump.
The angiography showed distal tapering of 60 to 70 percent of left main coronary artery and proximal ulceration with 90 percent stenosis of the left anterior descending coronary artery and the left circumflex also had 90 percent ostial stenosis with 50 percent proximal stenosis of the right circumflex.
The remainder of the examination was unobtainable secondary to the patient being draped during her cardiac catheterization.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was taken urgently for a coronary artery bypass grafting times two on [**2198-7-20**].
She had saphenous vein graft to left anterior descending coronary artery bypass, saphenous vein graft to ramus bypass.
Her cardiopulmonary bypass time was 56 minutes with a cross clamp time of 41 minutes.
She was transferred to Cardiac Surgery Recovery Unit on Levophed, Aprotinin and Propofol drips.
Her intra-aortic balloon pump was also discontinued at this time and her vasopressor drips were weaned.
She was being given Lasix but continued to have some respiratory issues secondary to the pleural effusion.
This showed a clear airway with only thin secretions.
Given the fact that her respiratory status continued to be her main issue, a left chest tube was placed at which time about 300 to 400 milliliters of serosanguinous fluid were removed.
These were controlled with Amiodarone and beta blockade and she did convert spontaneously into a sinus rhythm.
Notably, the insertion of her chest tube was complicated by a pneumothorax but this improved gradually with suction.
Otherwise, the remainder of the patient's postoperative stay in the Cardiac Surgery Intensive Care Unit was essentially for her atrial fibrillation and maintenance of blood pressure which was somewhat labile given her conversion of rhythms and also secondary to some hypovolemia for which she was given fluid.
By postoperative day number twelve, she was off all vasopressor drips, was in sinus rhythm, was maintaining a good blood pressure and it was felt that she was safe for transfer to the floor as she was hemodynamically stable and rehabilitation screen was started.
The remainder of her hospitalization was essentially remarkable only for an episode of bradycardia to the 40s and sinus bradycardia which was thought to be secondary to a combination of her dose of Amiodarone and Lopressor.
Her rate significantly improved into the 60s after her Amiodarone and beta blocker doses were adjusted.
She continued to receive physical therapy without any other major events until postoperative day sixteen at which time a rehabilitation bed was found for her.
Lopressor 12.5 mg p.o.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.
Potassium Chloride 20 mEq p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Plavix 75 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
Lipitor 10 mg p.o.
Albuterol inhalers p.r.n.
Zantac 150 mg p.o.
Levofloxacin 250 mg p.o.
