PROCEDURE:  Total abdominal colectomy with end ileostomy and Hartmann pouch.
Patient was eventually discharged to rehabilitation after having fasciotomy for compartment syndrome of her lower extremities.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Includes status post MVC, hypertension, hypercholesterolemia.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Albuterol nebulizer p.r.n., Prevacid 30 mg p.o.
q.day, Synthroid 25 mcg p.o.
q.day, Lasix 20 mg p.o.
q.day, Lipitor 10 mg p.o.
q.day, Lovenox 30 mg subcutaneously b.i.d., Lopressor 25 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Flagyl 250 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Percocet one to two tablets p.o.
b.i.d., sodium bisacodyl 100 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Fleet enema p.r.n., milk of magnesia p.r.n., Tylenol p.r.n., Dulcolax p.r.n., Levaquin 500 mg p.o.
q.day, vancomycin 1 gm IV q.day, ceftriaxone 1 gm IV q.day.
Respiratory rate 36, sating 95% on a nonrebreathing face mask.
Carotids could not be palpated secondary to the collar.
Lungs were coarse bilaterally with expiratory wheezing bilaterally with diminishment at the bases.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  Initially after discussions with patient's and patient's proxy, she did not want surgical intervention, but after multiple discussions and the likelihood that medical therapy would not be successful, although the likelihood of surgical therapy had a low chance of being successful in her clinical condition, she elected for exploratory laparotomy and subtotal colectomy.
Patient was surgically consented, taken to the operating room and through a midline laparotomy, total abdominal colectomy was performed with end ileostomy.
Patient was relatively stable during the operative course, but postoperatively in the intensive care unit she remained intubated and became fluid requiring and hypoxic.
Patient required increasing doses of pressors.
After two days of aggressive therapy, the proxy determined that given her multiorgan system failure, her age and her desire not to have intubation and prolonged ICU intervention, she was made comfort measures only.
Final diagnoses as above including ischemic colitis with sepsis and multisystem organ failure.
