Has been off antibiotics for some time.
She was given 2.5L NS and her SBP increased to the 100s.
She was given 1000 mg of tylenol, 750 mg of levofloxacin (for ?
Put out 2 gallons of stool in ED.
Atrial fibrillation on warfarin 3.
Bilateral aortoiliac bypass 11.
Benign cysts in breast removed X 2   Social History: The patient lives in a two family house in [**Location (un) 2251**], MA.
She was never married and currently lives in the lower half of the house with her sister-in-law (another octogenerian).
Coughing intermittently during our conversation.
She was initially admitted to the MICU where she was given IVF resuscitation, started on IV metronidazole and PO vancomycin (125 mg q6h) and  flexiseal was placed as patient was producing a very large amount of diarrhea (>2 L daily).
Her hypotension and ARF resolved with IVF and she was subsequently transferred to the medical floor.
On the medical floor she continued to have profuse diarrhea and her PO vancomycin was subsequently increased to 500 mg q6h.
Her flexiseal was removed early in her course but her abdomen became distended very rapidly and this was re-introduced.
At this point a GI consult was obtained and they recommended adding PR vancomycin at the same PO dose and consulting ID.
An ID consult was obtained and given her condition metronidazole was changed to tigecycline.
Given the severity of her disease and her DNR/DNI status a conversation was held with the patient about colectomy which was the only viable option for cure at the time.
She declined surgery and subsequently a family meeting was held and her family decided to respect her wishes of not having surgery and having a trial of maximal medical therapy.
IV tigecycline was stopped on the day of discharge; oral vancomycin should be tapered to a decreased dose, but continued for life.
Delirium:  Patient was found to be delirious at times during her hospitalization but she remained mostly AOX2-3.
This was treated with 3 days of IV cipro and this was discontinued as a recommendation of the ID team.
She had a foley catheter throughout her hospitalization, which was removed prior to discharge.
This was thought to represent pre-renal azotemia due to severe dehydration as it resolved after IVF resuscitation.
Medications on Admission: citalopram 20 daily cyanocobalamin 1000mcg IM monthly digoxin 125mcg every other day folic acid 1mg daily lisinopril 10 daily metoprolol 12.5 TID omeprazole 20 daily warfarin (?
Digoxin 125 mcg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO EVERY OTHER DAY (Every Other Day).
Vancomycin 250 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO Q6H (every 6 hours).
Citalopram 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day.
4. compazine  Sig: One (1) 10mg Transdermal every six (6) hours as needed for nausea: Please provide gel.
Your colon was very inflammed, with a condition called "colitis", requiring a tube to drain your stools.
Your colon function has recovered, but you will need lifelong therapy with the antibiotic "vancomycin" to keep the infection at bay.
