The patient was initially treated with a PCA followed by PO pain medications on POD#1.
The patient received IV antibiotics for 24 hours postoperatively, as well as lovenox for DVT prophylaxis starting on the morning of POD#1.
The patient was placed in a CPM machine with range of motion that started at 0-45 degrees of flexion before being increased to 90 degrees as tolerated.
The drain was removed without incident on POD#1.
The Foley catheter was removed without incident on POD 2.
The surgical dressing was removed on POD#2 and the surgical incision was found to be clean, dry, and intact without erythema or purulent drainage.
The patient was discharged to home with services or rehabilitation in a stable condition.
The patient is to continue using the CPM machine advancing as tolerated to 0-100 degrees.
MICU COURSE [**Date range (3) 51185**]  # Hypoxia: Pt was noted to hypoxic off of CPAP in the PACU following Lt total knee replacement.
Treated with albuterol nebs.
Pt currently on Cefazolin post-operatively.
Diabetes: Oral medications held as patient was not eating and patient in acute renal failure.
S/p Total Knee replacement: Pt is s/p Lt TKR for osteoarthritis, currently on a Dilaudid PCA, placed in brace with hemovac drain in place.
Pt also on Cefazolin post op.
Lovenox d/c'ed given acute renal failure and patient started on heparin sq tid for DVT ppx.
Acute Renal Failure on Chronic Renal Insufficeny: Pt's Creatinine elevated to 1.6, over past few months pt's Creatinine has been elevated 1.3.
Diabetes medications and lisinopril as above.
Will hold Lisinopril and HCTZ as pt's Creatinine is elevated at 1.6.
Held Lisinopril and HCTZ as Creatinine is elevated at 1.6.
OSA: Pt has diagnosis of OSA, she usually uses CPAP during naps, at bedtime at 8cm.
Likely would benefit from reassessment of respiratory support as last sleep study was 6 years ago - should follow up as an out patient upon discharge.
Depression: Continued home regimen of Venlafaxine  #.
PPx: Heparin gtt given renal failure, Pantoprazole.
Hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q4-6H () as needed.
Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q6H (every 6 hours).
Enoxaparin 40 mg/0.4 mL Syringe Sig: One (1)  Subcutaneous once a day for 3 weeks.
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day).
Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO BID (2 times a day) as needed.
Multivitamin     Tablet Sig: One (1) Cap PO DAILY (Daily).
Venlafaxine 150 mg Capsule, Sust.
Release 24 hr PO DAILY (Daily).
Glipizide 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Metformin 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QAM (once a day (in the morning)).
Metformin 1,000 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QPM (once a day (in the evening)).
Diazepam 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO PRN (as needed).
Prilosec 20 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.)
Venlafaxine 75 mg Capsule, Sust.
Release 24 hr PO DAILY (Daily).
Diazepam 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily) as needed for anxiety.
Lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Hydrochlorothiazide 12.5 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO DAILY (Daily).
Glipizide 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Metformin 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QAM (once a day (in the morning)).
Metformin 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO QPM (once a day (in the evening)).
Please follow up with your PCP regarding this admission and any new medications and refills.
Resume your home medications unless otherwise instructed.
You have been given medications for pain control.
This medication can cause constipation, so you should drink plenty of water daily and take a stool softener (e.g., colace) as needed to prevent this side effect.
Any stitches or staples that need to be removed will be taken out by a visiting nurse at 2 weeks after your surgery.
ANTICOAGULATION: Please continue your lovenox for 3 weeks to prevent deep vein thrombosis (blood clots).
After completing the lovenox, please take Aspirin 325mg twice daily for an additional three weeks.
It is okay to shower after POD#5 but do not take a tub-bath or submerge your incision until 4 weeks after surgery.
VNA (once at home): Home PT/OT, dressing changes as instructed, wound checks, and staple removal at 2 weeks after surgery.
Lovenox injections.
Wound checks.
VNA to remove staples at 2 weeks.
Wound checks.
VNA to remove staples at 2 weeks.
