The patient was treated initially with Aspirin, Morphine, Integrilin, Heparin and Nitroglycerin.
The patient underwent successful stenting of her left proximal left anterior descending with resultant TIMI-3 flow achieved.
Cardiac catheterization was complicated by episodes of ventricular fibrillation when pulmonary artery catheter was attempted to be advanced past right ventricle.
Status post right hip replacement seven years ago.
Lasix 30 mg once daily.
Synthroid 50 mcg once daily.
Cardiac catheterization - right heart catheterization shows right atrial pressure mean 19, right ventricular pressure 42/22, unable to advance to pulmonary arteries secondary to episodes of ventricular fibrillation.
Left heart catheterization shows right coronary artery lesion 50% proximal and 50% mid right coronary artery lesion, 100% proximal left anterior descending lesion, 50% septal one lesion, 70% diagonal one and two lesions and obtuse marginal one 60% lesion.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient underwent successful PCI of proximal left anterior descending lesion with resultant TIMI-3 flow with placement of Cypher stent.
Her CKs subsequently peaked at 6000 and post cardiac catheterization she was started on Integrilin per protocol.
She was also started on Heparin initially for anticoagulation in the setting of a recent anterior ST elevation myocardial infarction.
The patient was continued on Aspirin and was started on statin, started on a beta blocker, ace inhibitor, and also Plavix.
Pump - The patient was transferred from outside hospital following anterior ST elevation myocardial infarction and was status post successful stenting of proximal left anterior descending.
She was found to have 1 to 2+ aortic regurgitation, 1+ mitral regurgitation, and 1+ tricuspid regurgitation and mild pulmonary hypertension.
She subsequently underwent aggressive diuresis with intravenous Lasix and her oxygen requirements decreased dramatically.
The patient will require close outpatient follow-up of her Lasix dose 40 mg once daily.
In the post myocardial infarction setting, she was started on low dose beta blockade and ace inhibition.
She will be discharged on 25 mg of Toprol XL and 2.5 mg of Lisinopril.
As mentioned above, she is not a candidate for anticoagulation in the setting of recent myocardial infarction and markedly depressed ejection fraction.
Rhythm - The patient initially admitted to CCU following ventricular fibrillation arrest, status post successful defibrillation in the cardiac catheterization laboratory.
This right bundle branch block subsequently disappeared on further electrocardiograms.
She was treated with intravenous Lopressor and ultimately spontaneously converted back into sinus rhythm where she remained during the remainder of her hospital course.
She was started on Amiodarone.
As the patient was deemed to be a moderate to severe fall risk, she is not a candidate for anticoagulation at this time.
She will be discharged on low dose beta blockade and ace inhibition.
Her oxygen requirements decreased dramatically with intravenous Lasix diuresis.
The patient underwent placement of Foley catheter showing residual of 800cc of urine.
Hematology - The patient required one unit of packed red blood cells during her hospital course.
As mentioned above, she is not a candidate for anticoagulation secondary to fall risk.
Coronary artery disease, status post anterior ST elevation myocardial infarction with successful stenting of left anterior descending.
Ventricular fibrillation arrest in the setting of advancement of pulmonary artery catheter, status post successful defibrillation.
Aspirin 325 mg once daily.
Plavix 75 mg once daily.
Lipitor 20 mg once daily.
Nitroglycerin p.r.n.
Levoxyl 50 mcg once daily.
Amiodarone 400 mg once daily.
Lasix 40 mg once daily.
Toprol XL 25 mg p.o.
Lisinopril 2.5 mg once daily.
She was also to have follow-up with urology for urinary retention on [**2132-12-31**], at which time she would have her Foley removed.
