presented with sub-sternal chest and was found to have ST-elevation in the anterior/lateral leads at a outside hospital.
Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: Cardiac catheterization with placement of a Taxus DES in D1  History of Present Illness: Pt.
states he was awaken from sleep at 0330 with severe substernal pain and pressure.
He denied any syncope, dizziness, diaphoresis, nausea, vomiting, or SOB.
A Taxus DES was placed in D1.
During the procedure the patient was found to have a high PAD and given 10 mg lasix.
The patient tolerated the procedure well and was transferred to the CCU.
In the CCU the patient was started on ASA, Plavix, Integrelin, Lopressor, lisinopril, nitro drip and lipitor.
Patient was also started on valium around the clock and ETOH withdrawal precautions.
The patient's BP and HR remained elevated and the patient was given IV lopressor 5 mg times three.
The patient was weaned off the nitro drip and integrelin was stopped 18 hours post cath.
Because of the severity of the left ventricular systolic dysfunction he was started on coumadin.
blood pressure remained slightly elevated and his lopressor was maxed out at 150mg TID and lisinopril increased to 10 mg qday.
Medications on Admission: No medications  Discharge Medications: 1.
Aspirin 325 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
Clopidogrel Bisulfate 75 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QD (once a day) for 1 months.
Metoprolol Tartrate 50 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO TID (3 times a day) for 1 months.
Lisinopril 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QD (once a day) for 1 months.
Warfarin Sodium 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QD (once a day) for 1 months.
Atorvastatin Calcium 40 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day for 1 months.
Nitroglycerin 0.3 mg Tablet, Sublingual Sig: 1-3 tablets Sublingual Every 15 minutes PRN as needed for chest pain for 1 months: Take up to three tablets every 15 minutes for chest pain.
instructed to begin taking all medications as prescribed.
If he experiences any chest pain, dizziness, diaphoresis, or shortness of breath he is advised to go to the emergency room.
Since the patient is on coumadin he is advised to go to the emergency room if he sustains any head injuries or any neurological symptoms.
