He takes sublingual nitroglycerin with relief.
ALLERGIES:  Penicillin and strawberries cause hives.
Aspirin 81 q.d.
Digoxin 0.125 q.d.
Paxil 10 mg q.d.
Zestril 40 mg q.d.
Atenolol 100 mg q.d.
Imdur 60 mg q.d.
Norvasc 10 mg q.d.
Ambien 5 mg q.h.s.
Plavix 75 q.d.
Lasix 40 q.d.
Lipitor 10 q.d.
Insulin regular 10 units in the morning, 22 units of Lente in the morning, 24 units of regular with dinner, 26 units of Lente before bed.
He had successful atherectomy of the PTA of the right SFA, popliteal, and PT.
The patient had been hydrated for renal protection and then became short of breath and was requiring 100% nonrebreather.
The patient was given 20 mg of IV Lasix and the patient was complaining of shortness of breath intermittently.
The patient was transferred to the CCU team for further management of his hypoxia.
The patient was diuresed with Lasix p.r.n.
The patient's hypoxia improved the following morning after further diuresis and was saturating comfortably on nasal cannula.
Instead of being transferred out of the Intensive Care Unit, the patient had a repeat blood gas which showed a P02 of 64 on the nonrebreather again and on length of stay the patient had been 1,700 cc positive.
Again, the patient was further diuresed with Lasix with minimal output and concern for minimal output in light of contrast dye load and the patient's diabetes.
The patient did eventually develop signs of contrast nephropathy and with poor output to Lasix and diuresis the patient continued to have oxygen requirement.
He was tried on BIPAP intermittently overnight and because of discomfort did not tolerate and went back to 100% nonrebreather and then back to BIPAP and eventually was intubated for persistent hypoxia and concern for respiratory fatigue.
The patient remained intubated for three or four days and was continued to be titrated off his oxygen requirement.
The patient remained stable and for improvement in diuresis the patient was started on a Lasix drip and the Swan was placed for better cardiac monitoring.
The patient was slightly hypotensive initially and his Lasix and Natrecor were held.
Eventually, his blood pressure improved and the patient was restarted on Lasix and Natrecor for further diuresis.
doses of Lasix and Natrecor and continued to respond to diuresis as his renal function was improving.
The patient was able to be weaned from his ventilator and was successfully extubated on [**2148-2-26**].
No evidence of a pneumonia was seen on chest x-ray but the patient was started on a seven day course of ceftazidime and levofloxacin which were started secondary to a temperature spike to 101 in light of being intubated and the gram-negative rods on the sputum.
The patient was diuresed with Lasix and Natrecor as described above and eventually was started on milrinone in addition to this regimen to help his cardiac status.
Together with the milrinone, Natrecor, and the Lasix drip was able to diurese and the patient continued at a goal rate of diuresis of 500 cc to a liter daily and eventually as the patient started to respond and his creatinine started to improve, diuresis improved and his oxygenation improved.
The patient was eventually taken off the Lasix and Natrecor and started back on afterload reduction for his decreased ejection fraction and heart failure.
After his creatinine improved and his renal function improved, the patient was restarted on his ACE inhibitor, continued and titrated up on long-acting beta blocker like Coreg.
In addition to further afterload reduction with Imdur.
The patient was also continued on his digoxin and continued to be stable on this.
CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE:  The patient remained stable on his aspirin, Plavix, and statin regimen.
The patient did have a look at his coronary vessels during his catheterization which showed three vessel native coronary artery disease.
The patient was continued on his aspirin, Plavix, and statin regimen, started on beta blocker, and continued on his Imdur.
CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE:  The patient had an EF of 20%, was diuresed as described above with Lasix and Natrecor temporarily on milrinone to improve his inotropy.
The patient had severe biventricular hypokinesis on echocardiogram and eventually diuresed as his ATN resolved.
Once the patient's creatinine improved about a week after his catheterization, the patient continued to diurese on his own with minimal assistance.
DIABETES:  The patient was on an insulin drip during his course in the CCU and the patient was on tube feeds and on a different insulin regimen and had poorly controlled blood sugars.
Eventually, after the patient was extubated and tube feeds were discontinued, the patient was returned back to his home regimen of insulin.
NUTRITION: The patient was on tube feeds while intubated and his electrolytes followed closely.
PERIPHERAL VASCULAR DISEASE:  The patient was status post right SFA stent with better control of his lower extremity pain.
The patient had a successful stent of his SFA placed on admission.
The patient was continued on aspirin and Plavix and was otherwise stable.
The patient was overall doing well status post extubation and was transferred to the floor for further adjustment of his cardiac regimen and blood pressure regimen post extubation.
