He reported taking his medications and avoiding a salty diet and denied chest pain.
He received a 400 cc normal saline fluid bolus and his pressure increased.
He was initially started on Dopamine for his blood pressure and responded to Bi-Pap.
Per the patient's wife, his oxygen ran out at home, and he has been without supplemental oxygen for at least several hours.
Coronary artery disease, status post recent myocardial infarction, refusing all interventions except for blood pressure medicines and aspirin.
Congestive heart failure, with an echo showing an ejection fraction of 20 to 25% and four chamber dilation as well as severe hypokinesis of the left ventricle and right ventricle.
MEDICATIONS:  Medications at the time of admission included the following: Combivent.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Glyburide 5 mg p.o.
Lisinopril 20 mg p.o.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.
ALLERGIES:  Penicillin which gives a rash.
Heparin which causes swelling per the wife.
Sodium of 141; potassium of 5.7; chloride 92; bicarbonate 15; BUN 60; creatinine 2.6; glucose 150.
The patient was initially put on pressors and sent to the Intensive Care Unit for monitoring.
Though he initially had an elevated creatinine and BUN on admission, he received fluids and they trended down with no further intervention made.
Coronary artery disease, status post myocardial infarction.
He was treated with aspirin, beta blocker and Imdur, which he often would refuse.
Towards the end of his hospitalization, he did agree to medical management and was placed on telemetry.
The patient and his wife wanted no intervention for these.
Deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolus.
The patient has a known deep vein thrombosis and multiple pulmonary emboli from his prior admission, as found by lower extremity Dopplers and CTA.
He did agree to take Lasix twice a day; however, his wife required it to be p.o.
During the end of his hospitalization, with worsening congestive heart failure, as shown both clinically and on physical examination, as well as on chest x-ray, his wife agreed to have occasional doses of intravenous Lasix, to which he responded with increased urine output per the nurses but clinically as still short of breath.
Over the course of his hospitalization, he required increasing amounts of oxygen to keep his oxygen saturations near 88-90%.
The patient had been prescribed both steroid inhalers as well as Albuterol and Atrovent.
The patient took Glyburide but would refuse most of his sliding scale insulin.
We continued sterile dry dressings to his left foot daily.
Many family meetings were conducted, during which the patient and his wife, the medical team, psychiatry, case management were involved.
After discussion with the team and the attending physician, [**Name10 (NameIs) **] and she consented to chest radiography and diuresis.
Lasix was given, which had no effect.
In the setting of his decreasing heart rate, Atropine and epinephrine were attempted as well, with no effect.
Because the wife and the patient had requested "Do Not Resuscitate"/"Do Not Intubate" status, no further interventions were done and the patient expired.
Coronary artery disease, status post myocardial infarction.
