HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 39-year-old male with a history of HIV diagnosed one year ago with CD-4 count currently 25, not on treatment secondary to fear regarding side effects of medication.
He was admitted with weakness, progressive worsening dyspnea, hypoxia and hypotension and fever.
Oxygenation was 64% on room air and 86% on a non-rebreather.
The patient received seven liters of intravenous fluid, normal saline, was intubated, sedated.
Right internal jugular A-line was placed.
Patient intubated for a total of two times for hypoxic respiratory failure.
[**Name10 (NameIs) **] was started on Bactrim and steroids.
Patient was maintain on Bactrim and steroids during his hospitalization in the Medical Intensive Care Unit and then transferred to the General Medicine floor, A-Cove Service, for further management.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia:  Patient was maintained on a cool mist mask for oxygenation and his sats remained 92-98%.
Patient was continued on Bactrim.
Otherwise, patient was maintained on a slow prednisone taper on 20 mg a day and taper would be continued as outpatient.
Patient was also maintained on albuterol as well as Atrovent nebs p.r.n.
Otherwise, patient was maintained on acyclovir for herpes which was discontinued prior to discharge due to the fact that no active lesions were visualized.
Patient was continued on Mycelex for thrush and he was initiated on azithromycin for max prophylaxis.
Patient remained afebrile and stable on his medication regimen.
Also, given that viral ____________ can account for elevation in liver function tests, patient's hepatitis C, hepatitis B antibody and hepatitis A serologies for hepatitis C viral load were sent.
Initiation of an SSRI was discussed, however, patient decided to defer further management to outpatient.
Patient was continued on his usual 150 mcg of replacement daily.
It was decided that patient would be continued on his current dose of Levoxyl and further management to be deferred to outpatient.
Fluids, Electrolytes and Nutrition:  Patient was maintained on a house diet and t.i.d.
Prophylaxis:  Patient was maintained on subcu heparin and a bowel regimen.
DISPOSITION:  Patient will be discharged to a rehab center for cardiopulmonary rehabilitation as well as physical therapy.
Docusate 150 mg pill or liquid one p.o.
Multivitamin one p.o.
Lansoprazole 30 mg one p.o.
Bactrim 800 tablets one p.o.
Thiamine 100 mg p.o.
Lorazepam 0.5 mg one p.o.
Folic acid 1 mg one p.o.
Nystatin 100,000 unit per mL suspension, 5 mL p.o.
Clotrimazole 10 mg troches one troch q.i.d.
Azithromycin 1200 mg one p.o.
Levothyroxine 150 mcg one p.o.
Prednisone to be tapered as follows:  10 mg one p.o.
