Intubation and extubation   History of Present Illness: History is limited as the patient is intubated and sedated but was obtained through thorough chart review.
She received aspirin 325mg en route to the ED.
She was hypotensive to 78/44 on initial vital signs.
Code STEMI was called, and she was given aspirin and clopidogrel, 1L of IVF (given inferior ST elevations and possible RV infarct), and a heparin bolus; given ongoing chest pain, eptifibatide was also started.
In the cath lab, her blood pressure improved to 110 systolic with IV fluid.
She was intubated given ongoing agitation.
She initially required dopamine after intubation, which was subsequently changed to levophed with a hypertensive response, and her rhythm had converted to NSR with frequent APB's.
Review of systems could not be obtained, but per discussions with the cardiology fellow, she noted only chest pain, cough, and pain with deep inspirations.
Past Medical History: Bilateral hip replacements (seen on cath)   Family History: Noncontributory  Physical Exam: VS: T97.7F, BP 124/60, HR 77, RR 14, O2 100% on vent settings AC, rate 14, volume 500, FiO2 100%, PEEP 5.0 Gen: WDWN elderly female in NAD, intubated and sedated.
Intubated due to continued hypotension, hypoxemia and failure to cooperate.
Initially required dopamine, changed at end of procedure to levophed with hypertensive response.
Plan to continue monitoring in CCU for any evidence of tamponade.
Amio started for maintenance of NSR with BP appearing related to conversion from AF.
Following pressor requirement.
HEMODYNAMICS in CCU: ABP 135/65, PAP 26/15 .
She was treated with an intravenous heparin drip until both pulmonary embolism and myocardial infarction were ruled out.
Initially the patient was started on aspirin but this was discontinued after goals of care discussion took place and pt did not want active intervention.
She was loaded with amiodarone and continued on amiodarone therapy for rhythm control.
However, this medication was discontinued due the patient's and her family's wished.
She was initially placed on a heparin gtt but this was discontinued after goals of care were addressed and pt did not want any active interventions of medications.
It was explained that discontinuation of these medications would lead to stroke, heart attack or death.
The patient and her son/HCP expressed understanding of this and requested the medications be discontinued.
# Respiratory failure: The patient was intubated in setting of procedure and significant agitation.
She was initially treated with haldol and zyprexa.
Due to the patient's religious beliefs, she decided - and the son agreed - that she shoul dnot receive any medications or any further interventions.
Her medications were discontinued and the patient was discharged  - as per her and her son's wishes.
You underwent cardiac catherization to evaluate your chest pain, and briefly required intubation (breathing tube) to help with your breathing.
No medications were prescribed in accordance with your wishes.
