One day prior to admission, nasopharyngeal aspirate was positive for influenza A, and the patient was started on amantadine and empiric Levaquin therapy.
She appeared comfortable but unable to wean the oxygen to nasal cannula at this time.
Endometrial cancer; status post total abdominal hysterectomy, and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy, chemotherapy, and radiation therapy.
Status post partial small-bowel resection.
Status post right open reduction/internal fixation.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  (The patient's medications included)  1.
Levofloxacin times one day.
Amantadine times one day.
Synthroid 200 mcg by mouth every day.
Fentanyl patch 50 mcg per hour every three days.
Neurontin 800 mg by mouth three times per day.
Lopressor 25 mg by mouth twice per day.
Ativan 0.5 mg by mouth once per day.
Prevacid 30 mg by mouth once per day.
Maprotiline 150 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Tylenol 650 mg by mouth three times per day.
Multivitamin one tablet by mouth once per day.
INFLUENZA/PNEUMONIA ISSUES:  The patient was placed on droplet precautions.
She was started on amantadine 100 per day for a total of a 5-day course.
She was initially able to be weaned off the nonrebreather to nasal cannula with continued attempts to wean her oxygen further.
She was given Tylenol around the clock.
LETHARGY ISSUES:  The patient's lethargy was found to improve with continued intravenous fluid hydration.
Initially, she was only placed on a half dose of her usual Fentanyl and Ativan, but this was eventually brought back to her baseline level.
HYPOTHYROIDISM ISSUES:  The patient was maintained on her Synthroid.
HYPOCALCEMIA ISSUES:  The patient was maintained on her calcium carbonate and vitamin d.   7.
PERSONALITY DISORDER ISSUES:  The patient was maintained on maprotiline.
FLUIDS/ELECTROLYTES/NUTRITION ISSUES:  The patient's oral intake was poor initially secondary to desaturation with removal of the nonrebreather and lethargy.
She was maintained on supplemental intravenous fluids until she was able to take in full oral intake.
