Of note, the patient has not been taking her antihypertensive medications for the last one to two weeks at home.
In the Emergency Department, she received one aspirin, nebulizers, Lopressor 5 mg intravenously times three (for atrial flutter with rapid ventricular response), Lasix 40 mg intravenously, and Levaquin 500 mg intravenously, Solu-Medrol, Combivent nebulizers, and Atrovent nebulizers.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  (Medications as an outpatient included) 1.
Glucotrol-XL 10 mg p.o.
Lasix 20 mg p.o.
Potassium chloride 10 mEq p.o.
Metformin 500 mg p.o.
Norvasc 10 mg p.o.
Trazodone 50 mg p.o.
Lisinopril 40 mg p.o.
Paxil 20 mg p.o.
Zantac 150 mg p.o.
FAMILY HISTORY:   Mother deceased of cervical cancer.
ST depressions in V4 through V6 which resolved on later electrocardiograms with rate control.
She was continued on aspirin and a beta blocker while hospitalized and should follow up with her primary care physician with an outpatient stress test.
Her medical regimen was tailored to this finding with the addition of aggressive rate control with metoprolol 50 mg p.o.
Further blood pressure control was achieved with lisinopril 20 mg p.o.
She may need a further increase of her ACE inhibitor and was to be closely followed by her outpatient primary care physician as well as cardiologist.
She was started on treatment with azithromycin and ceftriaxone with an appropriate response in her temperature and oxygenation.
She was to continue azithromycin and was to complete a 5-day course and cefpodoxime and was to complete a 14-day course.
She was also maintained on occasional nebulizer treatments for her asthma and was to continue outpatient inhaler treatment.
URINARY TRACT INFECTION ISSUES:  The patient developed frequency, burning, and urgency on the two days prior to discharge after Foley catheter removal; for which she was treated with cefpodoxime and azithromycin (as above) as well as Pyridium for symptomatic relief.
PSYCHIATRIC ISSUES:  The patient was maintained on her outpatient psychiatric regimen including trazodone and Paxil.
A Swan-Ganz catheter placement.
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE:  (Discharge medications included)  1.
Metoprolol 50 mg p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Lisinopril 20 mg p.o.
Cefpodoxime 200 mg p.o.
Azithromycin 250 mg p.o.
Phenazopyridine 100 mg p.o.
Lasix 20 mg p.o.
Albuterol meter-dosed inhaler 2 puffs inhaled q.4h.
Atrovent meter-dosed inhaler 2 puffs inhaled twice per day.
Ranitidine 150 mg p.o.
Paxil 20 mg p.o.
Trazodone 50 mg p.o.
Glucotrol-XL 10 mg p.o.
Metformin 500 mg p.o.
