The blood pressure initially improved with fluids in the Emergency Department.
The patient received high-dose proton pump inhibitors, two packed red blood cell transfusions, and 4 units of fresh frozen plasma.
The patient then had an endoscopy in the Intensive Care Unit which showed two esophageal ulcers without active bleeding.
The patient was noted to have a urinary tract infection while in the Intensive Care Unit and was started on Levaquin on [**2179-10-14**].
Her heart rate was tachycardiac with a prominent A2 from St. Jude's valve.
The patient was status post a median sternotomy.
UPPER GASTROINTESTINAL BLEED: The patient underwent an endoscopy in the Intensive Care Unit setting which documented 2 mm ulcers in the lower one-third of the esophagus, one with adherent clot.
The patient was started on pantoprazole 40 mg IV b.i.d.
and was followed with serial hematocrits for further episodes of bleeding which were not noted during the hospital course.
The patient received 2 units of blood to increase her hematocrit back into the mid 30s.
The patient was started on Levofloxacin for a five day course.
Initially on presentation the patient was found to be somewhat hypotensive; however, she rapidly responded to fluid boluses in the Emergency Department.
The patient's blood pressure medications were held until the patient was transferred to the medical floor on hospital day number three.
The patient was restarted on Atenolol 50 mg q.d.
and Lisinopril 5 mg p.o.
HISTORY OF GALLSTONES:  The patient was continued on her Ursodiol throughout the hospital stay.
DEPRESSION:  The patient had a history of depression for which she was kept on fluoxetine during the hospital course.
The patient was on an insulin sliding scale during the hospital stay as well as placed on a diabetic diet.
HISTORY OF RIGHT CHRONIC DECUBITUS FOOT ULCER:  The patient has a recent history of right heel osteomyelitis and is status post a six week course of antibiotics.
Multivitamin one cap p.o.
Fluoxetine 20 mg p.o.
Risperidone 1 mg p.o.
Atorvostatin 40 mg p.o.
Ursodiol 600 mg p.o.
Insulin sliding scale.
Pantoprazole 40 mg p.o.
Levofloxacin 250 mg p.o.
Atenolol 50 mg p.o.
Lisinopril 5 mg p.o.
