HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:   This is an 88 year old male with a history of multi-infarct dementia, cerebrovascular accident, low grade lymphoma, upper gastrointestinal bleed, coronary artery disease status post non-Q wave myocardial infarction, chronic iron deficiency anemia and chronic renal insufficiency who presented with dark emesis as well as dark stools a couple of days prior to admission.
A right subclavian central line was placed and the patient was given two liters of intravenous normal saline.
The patient was difficult to cross-match, but eventually was given three units of packed red blood cells.
An esophagogastroduodenoscopy in the Medical Intensive Care Unit revealed mild gastritis and therefore Plavix was held.
History of multiple pulmonary embolisms status post IVC filter.
Benign prostatic hypertrophy status post transurethral resection of prostate.
Extremities with no cyanosis, clubbing or edema noted with two plus dorsalis pedis.
Upper gastrointestinal bleed secondary to gastritis:  The patient was given three units of packed red blood cells and his hematocrit bumped up appropriately from 22.9 to 30.1.
The patient was given an H2 blocker twice a day in the form of famotidine 20 mg intravenously twice a day.
His non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, aspirin and Plavix were held until his ruled in for a myocardial infarction and that was safely restarted once his hematocrit had been holding steady.
The patient's issue was going to be prepped for colonoscopy but then it was decided that this would provide no further information, so that should be deferred for an outpatient basis.
By the time of discharge, the patient should be on a proton pump inhibitor twice a day orally while on his Plavix and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
[**Hospital 49578**] medical management with aspirin, Plavix and a beta blocker was started.
The patient was initially started on Metoprolol 12.5 mg p.o.
Also noted was right ventricular apical hypokinesis, aortic root moderate dilation, two plus mitral regurgitation, two plus tricuspid regurgitation and moderate pulmonary artery hypertension.
Given that there is left ventricular dysfunction, the patient was started on a low dose ACE inhibitor in the form of captopril 4.5 mg p.o.
Metoprolol 12.5 mg p.o.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Plavix 75 mg p.o.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
