MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Medications prior to admission included aspirin 325 mg p.o.
q.d., atenolol 25 mg p.o.
q.d., and Altace 5 mg p.o.
LABORATORY DATA ON ADMISSION:   Sodium 140, potassium 4.4, chloride 104, bicarbonate 27, BUN 18, creatinine 0.8, glucose of 221.
Cholesterol 42.
HOSPITAL COURSE:   On hospital day two, the patient was brought to the operating room where he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting times three.
In summary, the patient had coronary artery bypass graft times three with a left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending artery, and saphenous vein graft to right coronary artery, and saphenous vein graft to the obtuse marginal.
He tolerated the operation well and was transferred from the operating room to the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit.
He had an arterial line and a central venous pressure catheter, two atrial pacing wires, two mediastinal, and a left pleural chest tube.
At the time of transfer, the patient's only intravenous medication was a Neo-Synephrine drip.
He was weaned off of all vasoactive drugs.
His anesthesia was reversed.
He was weaned from the ventilator and extubated shortly after arrival to the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit.
He remained hemodynamically stable overnight, and on the morning of postoperative day he was transferred from the Intensive Care Unit to Far Six for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation.
He was treated initially with Lopressor and was subsequently started on oral amiodarone, after which he converted to a normal sinus rhythm.
As part of the workup for his confusion, he was seen by the Psychiatry Service who thought it was postoperative delirium, and he had a head CT which was read as negative, and he had a negative metabolic workup as well.
Status post coronary artery bypass grafting times three with a left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending artery, saphenous vein graft to right coronary artery, and saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal.
The sternal incision was well approximated with Steri-Strips.
Right leg incision with Steri-Strips was intact, open to air, and well approximated.
Metoprolol 25 mg p.o.
Furosemide 20 mg p.o.
Potassium chloride 20 mEq p.o.
Ranitidine 150 mg p.o.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
Ibuprofen 400 mg p.o.
