The patient was intubated and seen by the Trauma Team.
The temperature decreased with Tylenol and she did not note a fever this morning.
In the Emergency Room got a Atomadate 20 intravenous times one, Succinyl choline one intravenous times one, Propofol for sedation (blood pressure decreased on the Propofol) also received Fentanyl 500 mg intravenous times five and 1 mg of Versed.
Got Levaquin 500 mg intravenous times one, 2 liters of normal saline in the Emergency Room and her vent was set at assist control, 450x12 with 5 of PEEP and 100% FIO2.
ALLERGIES:  Penicillin and Erythromycin cause hives.
Ciprofloxacin causes a rash.
Ampicillin, Amoxicillin and Cephalexin causes a rash.
Azithromycin has been okay.
Zocor 40 mg q day.
Toprol XL 100 mg q day.
DynaCirc 10 mg q day.
Digoxin 0.125 mg q day.
Diovan 160/250 once a day.
Fosamax 70 mg one times a week every Monday.
Lasix 40 mg p.r.n.
Aspirin 81 mg q day.
Respiratory:  Clear to auscultation bilaterally with decreased breath sounds at the left base, left chest tube is in place.
Chest x-ray:  Endotracheal tube in good position with normal heart size.
Left chest tube in place.
Chest tube was tip at apex, emphysematous changes, calcified aorta and carotid vessels.
ASSESSMENT:  This is an 86-year-old woman with a one day history of fever, nausea, status post a fall this morning and later presented with increased short of breath, O2 desaturations requiring intubation with a left lower lobe pneumonia and effusion, status post a chest tube, and metabolic acidosis with an elevated lactate likely secondary to sepsis.
Within hours of transfer to the floor the patient's blood pressure began to drop and a Neo-Synephrine drip was started.
It was decided to double cover with Levaquin and Ceftriaxone (she was pre-medicated and we were to watch for possible rash or allergic reaction.
Also requiring continues fluid bolus and her TH had decreased to 7.01 with a metabolic and respiratory alkalosis with a lactate rising to 5.7.
Respiratory rate and total volumes on the vent were increased in an attempt to decrease her pACO2.
She began to brady done and at one point her heart rate was in the 30's and then briefly in asystole which responded to compressions, Epinephrine, Atropine and bicarbonate.
Heparin was held since a chest tube was recently placed with a plan to start it if she stabilized.
After discussion it was decided to make the patient DNR/DNI with a focus on comfort measures.
Aggressive support was discontinued and the family was at the patient's bedside.
She passed away at approximately 5:10 AM with cessation of heart rate, breathing and fixed dilated pupils.
