The patient reported falling in his home after an episode of lightheadedness saying "I was unsteady on my feet" and was found down by a neighbor.
He denied recent illness, fevers, chills, chest pain, nausea, vomiting, shortness of breath, headache, numbness or tingling, or urinary symptoms or incontinence.
Gait:  Per report, wide based, shuffling, and unable to stand independently.
The patient was treated with glucose, thiamine, multivitamins and folate.
The patient was on the Medicine Floor for a couple of days when he underwent an aspiration event, went into respiratory distress and was then transferred to the ICU.
In the ICU, he was disoriented, required temporary restraints, was evaluated by Speech and Swallow who initially found that he was unable to handle even thin liquids.
He was fed through a NG tube for a few days but his mental status improved and so did his ability to swallow.
His sodium and volume was repleted with normal saline and then with tube feeding when in the Intensive Care Unit.
It is not clear if he has a chronic underlying condition leading to his hyponatremia or if it was just in the setting of being volume depleted and found down.
He was started on ceftriaxone which had been started to cover for possible meningitis and was continued.
He was also placed on vancomycin and clindamycin at this time.
regimen of levofloxacin and clindamycin.
The clindamycin was then changed to Flagyl to also cover for possible C. difficile as the patient was having diarrhea, although did not have a positive C. difficile toxin test at this time.
He was started on an ACE inhibitor and beta blocker.
These were titrated up as his admission progressed and he was on a stable regimen with moderately good control at discharge.
They recommended discontinuing his Cogentin which was done.
He was continued on Stelazine and Zyprexa.
Initially he required some Ativan for possible withdrawal symptoms but at discharge he was requiring no benzodiazepines.
DIARRHEA:  The patient had on and off diarrhea after starting multiple antibiotics.
He was empirically started on Flagyl on [**2151-3-24**].
After his aspiration event, he was on full-strength tube feeds for several days.
He should complete a total two week course of levofloxacin and Flagyl, at which time these antibiotics can probably be stopped if the patient is afebrile without a white count and without diarrhea.
You should take all of your medications as prescribed.
PROCEDURES:  The patient had a PICC line in place.
Trifluoperazine 2 mg b.i.d.
Olanzapine 5 mg q.d.
Metoprolol 75 mg b.i.d.
Nicotine 21 mg per 24 hour patch q.d.
Albuterol nebulizer one every six hours.
Ipratropium nebulizer one every six hours.
Folic acid 1 mg q.d.
Thiamine 100 mg q.d.
Multivitamin q.d.
Lisinopril 40 mg q.d.
Levofloxacin 500 mg q.d.
Flagyl 500 mg t.i.d.
