HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 62 year-old African American man who is admitted from the catheterization laboratory after an attempted wean of his intravenous Milrinone.
The patient is maintained on a continuous infusion of Milrinone for systolic heart failure secondary to idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy.
The patient improved on intravenous Milrinone, but was unable to be weaned.
The patient has been maintained on intravenous home Milrinone since [**2148-1-16**].
Subsequently the patient underwent revision of his DDD pacemaker to a synchronized pacing.
The patient was admitted for elective cardiac catheterization and for attempted milrinone wean given his risk of sudden death and infection.
The patient had a Swan-Ganz catheter placed in the catheterization laboratory.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Captopril 12.5 mg po t.i.d., Aldactone 12.5 mg po q.d., Amiodarone 200 mg po q day, Coreg 12.5 mg po b.i.d., Digoxin 0.125 mg po q day, Lasix 40 mg po q day, Protonix 40 mg po q day, Carafate 1 gram po t.i.d., Coumadin 4 mg po q day, which had been held prior to the procedure.
Milrinone 0.33 micrograms per kilogram per minute continuous infusion.
He has a line in his right groin.
However, the patient did have baseline depression of his cardiac index on his Milrinone infusion.
The patient had a Swan-Ganz catheter placed while in the catheterization laboratory.
His Milrinone was continued to be tapered while the patient was in the Coronary Care Unit.
His hemodynamics were monitored q two hours.
The patient's Milranone was successfully weaned off during the patient's first day in the Coronary Care Unit, however, the patient was noted to have a low cardiac index with falling blood pressures once the Milrinone was taken off.
Therefore the decision was made to restart his Milrinone at his previous dose of 0.33 micrograms per kilogram per minute.
The patient had his Swan-Ganz catheter removed under fluoroscopy.
His Swan-Ganz was removed under fluoroscopic guidance as he has a pacemaker.
Hematology:  The patient was started on heparin drip after his procedure.
His Coumadin was restarted while he was in house.
He will continue to take his Coumadin once he is discharged to home.
The patient was asymptomatic with these blood pressures.
It should be noted that the patient is continuing on his continuous infusion of Milrinone at 0.33 micrograms per kilogram per minute.
