This dislocation was reduced with conscious sedation.
After the reduction of the left hip, the patient had a decreased respiratory rate, and he was intubated for failure to protect his airway.
He was intubated at the outside hospital without any problems.
?, heart rate 130, blood pressure 140/palp, respirations intubated and being ventilated with a bag valve mask, oxygen saturation 99%.
Neurological:  He was intubated and sedated.
LABORATORY DATA:  On admission labs were notable for a creatinine of 0.8, glucose 151; white count 23.1, hematocrit 42.5, platelet count 342; INR 1.0, PTT 17.1; fibrinogen 232, lactate 5.0, amylase 43; blood gas 7.29, 34, 183, 17, -8; serum toxicology screen negative except for an alcohol level of 146; urinalysis negative; urine toxicology screen positive for benzodiazepines after already receiving treatment at the outside hospital, otherwise negative.
CT of the cervical spine demonstrated a left C4 posterior ring fracture and a left C4 vertebral foramen fracture.
He subsequently received many CAT scans and plain films as documented above.
The injuries were notable for multiple facial lacerations, a C4 fracture, right rib fracture, T1 spinous process fracture, nasal fractures, a left acetabular fracture, a possible left anterior cruciate ligament tear.
In the Intensive Care Unit, the Plastic Surgery Team was consulted for repair of his multiple facial lacerations.
The Orthopedic Service was also consulted for his left acetabular fracture, as well as his left knee instability.
The patient was taken to the Operating Room by the Orthopedic Service for removal of a bone fragment in his left hip and debridement of his labrum.
He tolerated this procedure very well and had no complications postoperatively from the surgery.
The Neurosurgery Service was also consulted regarding his spinal fractures, in particular the C4 posterior ring fracture and vertebral foramen fracture.
The Orthopedic Service has recommended that he be touchdown weightbearing only on his left lower extremity, and also in conjunction with the Orthopedic Service, have recommended a hinged knee brace for his left knee ligamentous injury.
The patient has done very well with the Physical Therapy Service.
The patient has been maintained on a patient controlled anesthesia pump for his pain control, and on the day of discharge was switched to pain medication by mouth.
Nasal fractures.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Lovenox 30 mg subcutaneous q.12 hours x 6 weeks, Bacitracin 1 application topically 4 times a day, Acetaminophen 650 mg p.o.
q.4-6 hours p.r.n., Multivitamin 1 tab p.o.
q.d., Colace 100 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Percocet 5/325 [**2-4**] tab p.o.
