He denies any nausea, abdominal pain, chest pain, diarrhea, or constipation.
He was started on ampicillin, and sulbactam, and empirically.
He received a platelet transfusion at [**Hospital3 15174**].
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Procardia-XL 90 mg p.o.
There were numerous plasmacytoid cells and large atypical cells as well.
HOSPITAL COURSE:   He was initially admitted to the Medicine Service for further management and workup for possible leukemia or lymphoma.
Given the extent of hemodynamic monitoring that would have been required initially, he was transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for further management.
HEMATOLOGY:  He underwent a bone marrow biopsy at the time of admission.
He received a total of 5 units of packed red blood cell blood transfusion and 4 units of platelets blood transfusion.
Due to the likelihood of autoimmune warm hemolytic anemia, autoimmune cold hemolytic anemia, and autoimmune thrombocytopenia he was started on stress-dose steroids.
It should be noted that he had been started on intravenous corticosteroids prior to the CT scan of the neck and torso and that his palpable lymph nodes had shrunk dramatically by the time that the radiographic studies had been done.
At the time of discharge, the etiology of his autoimmune warm hemolytic anemia, autoimmune cold hemolytic anemia, and autoimmune thrombocytopenia had not been elucidated.
A rapid plasma reagin test for syphilis was nonreactive.
A test for cytomegalovirus immunoglobulin G antibody was negative.
A test for Brucella immunoglobulin M antibody was negative.
A test for anticardiolipin immunoglobulin M antibody and immunoglobulin G antibody were both positive.
A test for mycoplasma pneumoniae immunoglobulin G antibody was positive.
A test for Parvovirus B19 immunoglobulin G antibody was positive.
A test for Parvovirus B19 immunoglobulin M antibody was negative.
A test for anti-Ro antibody was negative.
A test for beta-2 microglobulin was abnormal at 5.7 (normal 0.7 to 1.8).
DISCHARGE FOLLOWUP:  He was to follow up as an outpatient two days after discharge for repeat hematocrit and platelet count.
Autoimmune thrombocytopenia.
Prednisone 120 mg p.o.
Nystatin swish-and-swallow q.i.d.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Procardia-XL 90 mg p.o.
Folic acid 1 mg p.o.
Calcium carbonate 500 mg p.o.
Multivitamin one tablet p.o.
