She was started on sublingual Nitroglycerin times two, heparin, aspirin, a Nitroglycerin drip, with a resolution of her chest pain.
She is O2 dependent on two liters nasal cannula at home.
Colon abscess, status post colectomy and colostomy in [**2105**].
Digoxin 0.125 mg q. day.
Klonopin 0.5 mg q. day.
Zestril 5 mg q. day.
Albuterol nebulizer.
Lasix 40 mg q. day.
Zantac 150 mg twice a day.
Actimol 5 mg q. day.
NPH 40/20 regimen and takes regular insulin 2 and 2.
The ramus lesion was dilated with some improvement in flow, however, the decision was made to not attempt a stent as it is unlikely to be the culprit vessel.
The patient was started on Lasix, Integrilin, aspirin, Plavix, and came to the floor still on the Nitroglycerin drip.
Colostomy bag was in her left lower quadrant.
Her first CPK was 65 and troponin I was 0.45.
Cardiovascular:  The patient has coronary artery disease with two vessel disease seen on catheterization status post stenting of her proximal left anterior descending, so she was continued on aspirin, Plavix, and Integrilin for 18 hours.
Beta blockers were initially withheld secondary to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease but were started the following morning, attempted trial first with a 5 mg push which was tolerated.
The patient will likely be started on a statin in the near future.
She was sedated and given some Diltiazem 20 mg intravenous push with some resolution of her tachycardia.
She was started on beta blocker the next morning and had good rate control.
If the patient continues to have episodes of atrial fibrillation, the patient may require long-term anti-coagulation.
Pulmonary:  The patient has known chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and was started back on her Atrovent and Albuterol nebulizers and daily dose of Prednisone 10 mg.  She was initially quite wheezy on admission but after nebulizers improved.
It continued to remain steady and the patient did not require a blood transfusion.
Endocrine:  The patient was initially put on regular insulin sliding scale.
The next day she was started back on an NPH regimen, 20 and 10.
The patient was placed on Protonix as a GI prophylaxis.
Acute myocardial infarction status post catheterization with stenting of proximal left anterior descending.
Digoxin 0.125 mg q. day.
Klonopin 0.5 mg q. day.
Zestril 5 mg q. day.
Lasix 40 mg q. day.
Zantac 150 mg twice a day.
Albuterol nebulizer.
She will additionally be taking aspirin 325 mg q. day.
Plavix 75 mg q. day times 30 days.
Metoprolol 25 mg twice a day.
