She was initially treated with ceftriaxone and azithromycin (as mentioned above); however, she developed a rash on this and an eosinophilia.
Therefore, this regimen was discontinued, and she was started on levofloxacin.
She maintained her oxygen saturation on no supplemental oxygen, and she worked with Physical Therapy toward the end of her admission.
The patient was continued on levofloxacin and was to continue for two further days; to complete a 14-day course of antibiotics.
CARDIOVASCULAR ISSUES:  The patient was initially hypotensive on presentation and required multiple fluid boluses and was actually on pressors.
By the end of her admission, she was restarted on her 80 mg of by mouth Lasix once per day.
ATRIAL FIBRILLATION ISSUES:  The patient was converted chemically with amiodarone and was maintained on initially 400 mg three times per day and then 400 mg twice per day for seven days and was to continue on 200 mg once per day after this current week of being on 400 mg.
This subclavian line was subsequently removed with an improvement in her edema.
However, out of concern there was still residual thrombus, she will be maintained on Coumadin for the following three months provided there are no further thrombotic complications.
It was thought to wait until she was negative times three; however, given the significant leukocytosis, it was felt to start empirically while cultures/toxin assay was pending.
It was of note that the patient's white count continued to drop over the course of her admission while she was treated with levofloxacin and Flagyl.
However, she had been started earlier on vancomycin out of concern for a pseudomonal pneumonia.
ACCESS ISSUES:  The patient's subclavian line was removed, and a right-sided peripherally inserted central catheter was placed instead.
Synthroid 25 mcg once per day.
Oxycodone 5-mg tablets one to four tablets q.6h.
Meclofenamate sodium 100 mg by mouth twice per day.
Nystatin ointment one application three times per day (until her inguinal rash resolves).
Gabapentin 200 mg by mouth once per day.
Tylenol 500 mg q.6h.
Ferrous sulfate 325 mg by mouth once per day.
Colace 100 mg by mouth twice per day.
Dulcolax 10 mg by mouth twice per day as needed.
Atrovent 1 nebulizer q.6h.
Levofloxacin 500 mg by mouth once per day (for two more days).
Lactulose 30 cc by mouth q.6h.
Amiodarone 400 mg once per day times seven more days; then 200 mg once per day times four weeks.
Albuterol 1 nebulizer q.4h.
Flagyl 500 mg by mouth three times per day (for nine more days).
Amitriptyline 25 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Lansoprazole 50 mg by mouth once per day.
Salmeterol 1 puff twice per day.
Sarna lotion one application four times per day as needed.
Diphenhydramine 25 mg by mouth q.6h.
Trazodone 25 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Lasix 80 mg by mouth once per day.
