She also was on Coumadin for her cerebrovascular accident.
Patient had a collar in place for C-spine precautions.
Protonix 40.
Lasix 80 once daily.
Lactulose 30 cc.
Nitrodisc 0.3 mg an hour.
Coumadin 5 mg.   PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for ascites, coronary artery disease, hypertension, old cerebrovascular accident.
Her increased INR was treated with vitamin K only.
Her INR was covered only with vitamin K injections.
She had a repeat stat head CT.  She was given vitamin K to decrease her INR.
Trauma Surgery also saw the patient due to her fall, which they cleared her C, L, and T spines without difficulty and did not have any further recommendations.
She was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit where her blood pressure was controlled with antihypertensives and her INR was repressed.
She was given nicardipine for blood pressure control.
Also, she had some episodes of atrial flutter for which she was given 15 mg of Lopressor which decreased her rate.
Patient was also a Jehovah's Witness, so no blood products were allowed to be given.
Cardiology was consulted for slow atrial fibrillation for which they recommended an echocardiogram and monitoring the patient closely, using atropine as needed for low heart rate.
Vitamin K continued to be kept in hopes of decreasing her INR.
However, because patient was not a reliable source to tell us if she had neck pain, we were hesitant to remove her C-spine cervical collar.
The family again did not want transfusions based on being a Jehovah's Witness.
INR had come down to 1.5 using only vitamin K.  Her sodium had been noted to be at 149.
On the morning of [**10-3**] the patient was noted to be tachypneic overnight and was given Lasix 120 mg.  Over a total of 3 hours she put out 575 cc of urine.
So, at that point we decided to make her comfort measures only.
She was started on some intravenous fluids since she was not drinking.
She was given Lasix to help diurese her and help decrease her congestive heart failure.
She was given periodic morphine as needed.
