2.5 mm rightward midline shift, a nondisplaced right occipital fracture extending into the right skull base, and large right parietal soft tissue hematoma and edema with overlying skin staples on CT scan.
His C-spine was cleared by CT scan.
The patients neurological status was monitored carefully by trauma surgery as well as neurosurg while in the TSICU.
Dilantin therapy was initiated to prevent siezure.
His mental status slightly improved, he was able to take food and medications by mouth, and he was transfered to the inpatient floor.
These values were treated with intervals of normal saline IV, sodium tablets three times daily, and fluid restriction.
[**2148-5-14**] endocrinology was consulted and recommended strict I&O, continued fluid restriction, and to monitor labs.
Medications on Admission: Aldactone Lasix  Discharge Medications: 1.
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day) as needed for constipation.
Thiamine HCl 100 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Folic Acid 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO BID (2 times a day) as needed for constipation.
Spironolactone 25 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO Q 8H (Every 8 Hours).
Ciprofloxacin 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q12H (every 12 hours) for 4 days.
Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed for pain.
Sodium Chloride 1 gram Tablet Sig: Four (4) Tablet PO TID (3 times a day).
Disp:*360 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2*   Discharge Disposition: Home  Discharge Diagnosis: s/p Fall Subarachnoid/Intraparenchymal/Subdural hemorrhages Hyponatremia Urinary tract infection   Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Confused - sometimes Level of Consciousness: Alert and interactive Activity Status: Ambulatory - requires assistance or aid (walker or cane)   Discharge Instructions: You were admitted to the hospital after you were found down on the ground unconscious.
Because of your high blood alcohol level you experienced withdrawal symptoms during your stay requiring medications to help control these symptoms.
Your sodium was also very low in the hospital felt to be related to an alteration in one of the body's regulatory hormones.
You were prescribed antibiotics for a urinary tract infection.
It is important to finish all of this medication as written on the bottle until the bottle is empty.
