PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  The patient's past medical history is significant for aortic stenosis, asbestosis, hiatal hernia, atrophic right kidney, chronic renal insufficiency with a baseline creatinine of 2.4, hypertension, Parkinson's disease, bladder cancer, status post chemotherapy 18 years ago and cataracts.
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  Significant for right shoulder rotator cuff repair, right cataract repair, transurethral resection of the prostate, tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy.
MEDICATIONS PREOPERATIVELY:  Hydrochlorothiazide 20 mg q.
Day, Sinemet 25/100 one tablet three times a day, Vitamin E q day, Ambien 5 mg q day and Indomethacin 50 mg one to three times per day prn.
In summary, the patient had an aortic valve replacement with a 21 Magna pericardial valve and coronary artery bypass graft times three with a left internal mammary coronary artery to the left anterior descending coronary artery, saphenous vein graft to the circumflex and saphenous vein graft to the PDA.
His bypass time was 182 minutes with a cross clamp time of 139 minutes.
He had Propofol at 30 mcg/kg per minute.
His anesthesia was reversed.
His ventilator was weaned; however, his arterial blood gases remained inadequate to extubate as he had low tidal volumes when placed on pressure support ventilation.
He, therefore, remained intubated on the day of the surgery and was allowed to rest overnight on IMV ventilation.
All vasoactive medications were weaned off.
The patient was begun on diuretics as well as beta blockade.
Additionally, given the patient's weakened condition from his Parkinsonian state, neurologic consult was called for guidance in dosing the patient's Parkinson's medications and recovery from general anesthesia.
His chest tubes were discontinued.
His Swan-Ganz catheter was discontinued; however, he remained in the Intensive Care Unit to closely monitor his hemodynamic and respiratory status.
His Amiodarone drip was converted to oral dosing.
On postoperative day number four, the patient continued to advance slowly and he was transferred to the floor for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehab.
He was begun on heparin as well as Coumadin.
By postoperative day number six, the patient was experiencing periods of bradycardia on both Amiodarone and Metoprolol and the decision was made, at that time, to discontinue the Amiodarone and continue the beta blockade.
Aspirin 81 mg q.
Sinemet 25/100 one tablet three times a day.
Colace 100 mg twice a day.
Coumadin 5 mg three days prior to transfer.
Atenolol 25 mg q.
Prilosec 40 mg q.
Incision was steri-stripped without erythema or drainage.
Left saphenous vein graft harvest site endoscopic clean and dry with Steri-Strips.
Status post aortic valve replacement with a 21 magnifier    cardial valve.
Status post coronary artery bypass grafting times three    with the LIMA to the LAD; saphenous vein graft to the PDA    and saphenous vein graft to left circumflex.
Bladder cancer, status post chemotherapy as well as    transurethral resection of the prostate.
Status post rotator cuff surgery.
