One sublingual nitroglycerin was given, and she became hypotensive.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for a non-Q-wave MI, AFib, hypertension, status post cholecystectomy, status post hemorrhoidectomy, TIA about 10 years ago, and question of cardiomyopathy.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Include lisinopril (no dose available), atenolol 50 daily, Lipitor (no dose available), potassium chloride 20 mEq daily, aspirin 325 daily, vitamin E (no dose available), and hydrochlorothiazide (questionable).
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was evaluated in the emergency room and brought emergently to the operating room for an aortic dissection repair.
In summary, the patient had an ascending aortic replacement with a #28 Gelweave graft and an aortic valve resuspension.
Her bypass time was 137 minutes with a cross- clamp time of 90 minutes and a shock arrest of 27 minutes.
She tolerated the operation well and was transferred from to the operating room to the cardiothoracic intensive care unit.
On postoperative day 2, the patient removed hemodynamically stable; on and off of Neo-Synephrine and nitroglycerin drips to maintain a mean arterial pressure of 60 to 70.
Additionally, the patient's diuresis was begun.
It should be noted throughout this period that the patient had intermittent periods of atrial fibrillation, for which she was treated with amiodarone.
On postoperative day 3, the patient continued to have periods of atrial fibrillation with a ventricular response rate up to 150; for which she was cardioverted on numerous occasions.
She removed on an amiodarone drip and was also treated with small beta blockade.
Her sedation was again discontinued.
She remained on amiodarone and beta blockade as well.
The patient was again on and off of Neo-Synephrine infusion to maintain an adequate blood pressure.
Therefore, she remained intubated during that period.
She was intermittently on Neo-Synephrine while she was having her episodes of rapid atrial fibrillation.
During the opposing times she required Nipride and/or nitroglycerin to control her hypertensive episodes.
By postoperative day 8, the patient was successfully weaned from all vasoactive IV medications and converted on to oral medications.
Additionally, she required vigorous pulmonary toilet.
Additionally, on postoperative day 11, the patient had a left-sided thoracentesis for approximately 600 cc of serosanguineous fluid.
Status post aortic dissection repair with #28 Gelweave    graft and an aortic valve resuspension.
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE:  Include Lasix 20 mg daily, potassium chloride 20 mEq daily, Colace 100 mg b.i.d., Tylenol 650 mg q.4.h.
as needed, bisacodyl 10 mg daily as needed, Percocet 5/325 1 to 2 tablets q.4-6h.
as needed, Milk of Magnesia 30 cc daily as needed, aspirin 81 mg daily, amiodarone 400 mg b.i.d.
x 7 days and then 400 mg daily x 7 days and then 200 mg daily, Combivent 2 puffs q.6h.
as needed, pantoprazole 40 mg daily, Flovent 2 puffs b.i.d., albuterol 2 puffs q.6h.
as needed, labetalol 300 mg t.i.d., and lisinopril 2.5 mg daily.
