HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  A 78-year-old woman with a history of multiple psychiatric admissions for bipolar disorder as well as hypertension, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, diverticulosis, Barrett's esophagus who was recently on ciprofloxacin for a urinary tract infection for the past three days and was found on the floor by her husband covered in brown feces and vomit.
The husband called 911 and the patient was seen by Emergency Medical Services at the scene with vital signs:  Heart rate 98, blood pressure 138/palp, respiratory rate 16, oxygen saturation 96% on four liters nasal cannula.
An NG tube was placed to suction and the patient subsequently had bright red blood per rectum.
She received two liters of normal saline, levofloxacin and Flagyl as well.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on two liters nasal cannula home oxygen.
ALLERGIES:  Prednisone, sulfa, calcium channel blockers, Keflex, Benadryl and beta blockers.
Clonidine patch 0.2 q. week.
Cozaar 50 mg p.o.
Albuterol p.r.n.
Flovent 110 mcg two puffs b.i.d.
Prilosec 20 mg p.o.
Seroquel 200 mg p.o.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Cipro 250 mg p.o.
Depakote 500 mg p.o.
Hydralazine 25 mg p.o.
K-Dur 10 mEq p.o.
Two liters nasal cannula oxygen.
Nitro patch ?
General:  This is an elderly woman lying on her left side with an NG tube in place.
Grade [**2-10**] holosystolic murmur at the right upper sternal border without radiation.
One millimeter ST depression in 2, 3 and F.  Positive left ventricular hypertrophy.
Was being treated with vancomycin, levofloxacin and Flagyl and received aggressive intravenous fluid hydration.
She was taken off the vancomycin and maintained on levofloxacin and Flagyl.
Atrial fibrillation:  The patient's blood pressure medications were held on admission due to concern over gastrointestinal bleeding.
She was given Lopressor IV push that resulted in a six second pause.
The patient was started on a verapamil drip.
verapamil 80 mg p.o.
The verapamil was discontinued on hospital day three.
She was brought back to the MICU and placed on a verapamil drip with good control of her blood pressure.
She was then changed to verapamil 40 mg p.o.
Decision was made not to anticoagulate given her gastrointestinal issues and recent GI bleed.
verapamil that additional nodal blockade with amiodarone or other agents may be necessary and might require a pacemaker.
They were not willing to do this procedure at this time due to her stable condition and GI issues.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease:  This patient was maintained on her albuterol, Atrovent and Flovent inhalers.
She was maintained on her home oxygen requirement and was discharged on one liter of home oxygen.
The patient was on Cozaar as an outpatient and was placed on captopril as an inpatient.
She was discharged on verapamil and lisinopril.
Bipolar disorder:  The patient was initially seen with Depakote 500 mg p.o.
and Seroquel 200 mg p.o.
Tylenol 325 mg to 650 mg p.o.
Albuterol two puffs q.i.d.
Depakote 500 mg p.o.
Flagyl 500 mg p.o.
Simethicone 80 tabs 1.5 tabs q.i.d.
Levofloxacin 250 mg p.o.
Seroquel 100 mg p.o.
Prevacid 30 mg p.o.
Verapamil 40 mg p.o.
Lisinopril 10 mg p.o.
Calcium and vitamin D. 12.
Aspirin 81 q.o.d.
