His activity is limited due to shortness of breath and he requiresthe use of both a cane and walker intermittently.
Physical Exam: On admission: Height: 5'9"  Weight: 104 kg VS: 75 SR  140/61  96% on 1L NC General: Seen sitting up in bed in NAD.
Right groin cath site without hematoma.
He underwent a CABG x 3 with LIMA to the LAD, SVG to the Diag, and SVG to the PDA and PLB.
Total cardio-pulmonary bypass time 78 minutes and cross clamp time 49 minutes.
He proceeded to the CSRU in a NSR with rate 74, MAP 85, CVP 16, on neo and propofol drips.
He failed to weane in the immediate post-operative period but was successfully weaned and extubated on the evening of post-op day one.
On POD 3 he experienced atrial fibrillation and was started on amiodarone.
Becasue of his history of COPD adn asthma, lopressor was used cautiously and hydralazine was used for HTN.
On this same day, his mediastinal chest tubes were discontinued.
On POD 4 amiodarone was changed to PO, NPH insulin was started for blood glucose control, and he was transferred to the inpatient floor for continued rehabilitation and recovery.
On POD 5 his remaining chest tubes and epicardial wires were discontinued.
He continued in atrial fibrillation with ongoing amiodarone and low-dose beta blockers.
His lasix was thus discontinued and natracor was initiated for diuresis.
On post-operative day 8, he lost his venous access and was sent for PICC placement for continued natracor therapy.
They recommended continued natracor with lasix for increased diuresis.
Continued to diuresis with both lasix and natracor for 4 days with discontinuation of natracor on POD 12.
On POD 13, renal signed-off as they felt situation was stable.
He had a burst of strial fibrillation on POD 15 and converted to NSR following an IV amiodarone bolus and ongoing PO amiodarone.
He was recommended for rehabilitation placement.
Medications on Admission: Lasix 80mg daily.
Unknown doses of: HCTZ allopurinol, protonix advair insulin  Discharge Medications: 1.
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day).
Aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
Pantoprazole Sodium 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
Atorvastatin Calcium 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Allopurinol 100 mg Tablet Sig: 1.5 Tablets PO DAILY (Daily).
Metoprolol Tartrate 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day).
Amiodarone HCl 200 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily) for 7 days: Then decrease dose to 200 mg daily.
Hydrocodone-Acetaminophen 5-500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed.
Furosemide 80 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Fluticasone-Salmeterol 250-50 mcg/Dose Disk with Device Sig: One (1) Disk with Device Inhalation [**Hospital1 **] (2 times a day).
Discharge Instructions: Follow medications on discharge instructions.
You should shower, let water flow over wounds, pat dry with a towel.
