Ulnar collateral ligament repair to the thumb     metacarpophalangeal joint.
Open reduction and internal fixation left second digit     proximal phalanx fracture.
Repair of 20-cm laceration as part of the wound.
Patient was ejected approx 30-40 ft. One passenger dead at the scene.
Multiple lacerations including right thigh, abdomen, occiput and left hand.
Transverse process disruptions at L1 may be fractures or congenitally unfused transverse processes.
Due to his crush injury to his left hand he was taken to the Operating Room for washout, debridement and repair.
He tolerated the procedure well and returned to the Trauma ICU in stable condition.
He remained intubated overnight and maintained stable hemodynamics.
He underwent leech therapy to his left thumb and 2nd digit as well as splinting and elevation.
For pain control he had a left infraclavicular catheter placed for Bupivacaine infusion which worked well.
After removal of his infraclavicular catheter his pain was controlled with Oxycodone.
The Urology service evaluated him daily and wanted to continue wet to dry dressing changes as his penile wound was granulating.
He will need some type of delayed closure with a skin graft or possible circumcision but that will be done at a later date and for now he will continue dressing changes,  His Foley catheter was removed without difficulty and he was voiding sufficiently.
He was placed on broad spectrum antibiotics.
He was however able to continue with therapy, stay hydrated and eat and get up and ambulate.
He and his family were taught how to care for his hand and dressing changes to his penis.
Please see discharge instructions for further appointments.
Aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: 1.5 Tablet, Chewables PO DAILY (Daily).
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day).
Oxycodone-Acetaminophen 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) as needed for PRN pain >5.
Ciprofloxacin 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q12H (every 12 hours): thru [**2103-8-2**].
Discharge Instructions: Followup Instructions: -You should continue taking the antibiotics as prescribed.
-Elevate your left arm as much as possible and maintain it in your splint.
* Your stitches and staples will be removed by the Plastic surgeons.
Medications: * Resume your regular medications unless instructed otherwise.
* You may take your prescribed pain medication for moderate to severe pain.
You may switch to Tylenol or Extra Strength Tylenol for mild pain as directed on the packaging.
Please note that Percocet and Vicodin have Tylenol as an active ingredient so do not take these meds with additional Tylenol.
* Take prescription pain medications for pain not relieved by tylenol.
* Take Colace, 100 mg by mouth 2 times per day, while taking the prescription pain medication to prevent constipation.
You may use a different over-the-counter stool softerner if you wish.
You may have constipation when taking narcotic pain medications (oxycodone, percocet, vicodin, hydrocodone, dilaudid, etc.
* If you have shaking chills, fever greater than 101.5 (F) degrees or 38 (C) degrees, increased redness, swelling or discharge from incision, chest pain, shortness of breath, or anything else that is troubling you.
