The patient was given Glucophage and sent to the Emergency Department for further workup.
The patient became extremely agitated and received Ativan and Haldol while in the Emergency Department.
ALLERGIES:  The patient is allergic to PENICILLIN, MOTRIN, and TYLENOL (reactions are unknown).
Glyburide 5 mg p.o.
Enalapril 5 mg p.o.
Neurontin 600 mg p.o.
Trileptal 600 mg p.o.
Topamax 200 mg p.o.
Paxil 20 mg p.o.
Cogentin 1 mg p.o.
BuSpar 15 mg p.o.
Seroquel 25 mg p.o.
Albuterol as needed.
Benadryl as needed.
Milk of Magnesia as needed.
PSYCHIATRY/NEUROLOGY ISSUES:  Psychiatry was consulted, and the patient remained on a one-to-one sitter.
Neurology was consulted and felt that while the patient had received Haldol for sedation, which does lower the seizure threshold, that the patient also had a history of not taking her anti-seizure medications for several weeks.
The decision was made to minimize Haldol use and load the patient up on intravenous Dilantin while continuing her oral medications.
Again, while on the floor, the patient made numerous attempts to flee the floor, and the decision was made to transfer the patient to the Medical Intensive Care Unit, continue the patient on her Dilantin load, and monitor for seizure activity while administering Haldol around the clock and Ativan around the clock, in addition to as needed.
The one-to-one sitter was continued.
Changes in her medications were made including an increase in her Seroquel.
The patient did receive Haldol 5 mg three times per day and Ativan 1 mg p.o.
The patient became increasingly compliant with taking her oral medications and tolerating oral intake.
All medications were changed over to oral.
The patient was seen by Neurology who recommended to continue the Dilantin for one week at 500 mg total once per day to divide into three times per day dosing for one week and then to decrease by 150 mg p.o.
TYPE 2 DIABETES ISSUES:  For diabetes, the patient was maintained on a regular insulin sliding-scale with fasting blood sugars four times per day.
ASTHMA ISSUES:  For asthma, the patient was continued on her albuterol.
HYPERTENSION ISSUES:  For her hypertension, the patient was continued on enalapril.
Enalapril 5 mg p.o.
Albuterol 1 to 2 puffs inhaled q.4-6h.
Fluconazole 2 puffs inhaled twice per day.
Gabapentin 300 mg p.o.
Oxcarbazepine 300 mg p.o.
Topamax 200 mg p.o.
Paroxetine 20 mg p.o.
Buspirone 15 mg p.o.
Seroquel 25 mg p.o.
Dilantin 200 mg p.o.
A regular insulin sliding-scale.
Haldol as needed.
Ativan as needed.
In addition, the patient also has a Port-A-Cath; for which basic maintenance requires access every month using flush with 10 cc of normal saline and flush with 5 cc of 100 units of heparin.
