He was initially seen in the Emergency Department at an outside hospital and treated with Nitroglycerin with relief, however, the patient was reluctant to follow-up with medical treatment at that time.
His symptoms abated somewhat until a few weeks prior to admission to the hospital at which point he was referred to a cardiologist, who recommended cardiac catheterization.
He was referred to coronary artery bypass grafting.
Arthritis right hip and knee with lower extremity numbness.
Metoprolol 50 mg p.o.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Zantac 150 mg p.o.
Ativan 1 mg p.o.
Nitroglycerin p.r.n.
The patient underwent coronary artery bypass graft times three with left internal mammary artery to left anterior descending, saphenous vein graft to the ramus and saphenous vein graft to the LPLV.
Postoperatively, the patient was transferred from the operating room to the Cardiac Surgery Recovery Unit in good condition on intravenous Propofol drip.
He was weaned from mechanical ventilator and extubated successfully.
On postoperative day one, he was transferred from the Cardiac Surgery Recovery Unit to the postoperative telemetry floor in good condition and continued to progress hemodynamically by beginning beta blocker and increasing to an optimal dose and beginning diuretics as well.
The patient was seen by physical therapy and cardiac rehabilitation was initiated.
The patient continued over the next couple of days to progress well from cardiac surgery recovery standpoint.
His chest tubes and epicardial pacing wires were discontinued on [**2132-4-11**], postoperative day two.
Lopressor was steadily increased over the next couple of days and the patient is now postoperative day five and remains hemodynamically stable and ready to be discharged.
Potassium Chloride 20 mEq p.o.
Lasix 20 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Zantac 150 mg p.o.
Enteric Coated Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Dilaudid 2 mg p.o.
Ativan 1 mg p.o.
Lopressor 100 mg p.o.
Prozac 10 mg p.o.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Coronary artery disease, status post coronary artery bypass graft.
