The patient was given Nitroglycerin drip, Heparin IV, Aspirin 325, and then transferred to [**Hospital6 256**] for emergent cardiac catheterization.
After successful stent placement, the patient developed nausea, hypertension, and was given a Dopamine drip.
Baseline dyspnea on exertion on one flight of steps, unchanged recently.
She had prior episode of angina six years ago.
MEDICATIONS:  Synthroid 0.112 mg, Glucosamine, Cardizem 180 mg, Conjointon, MDI, Calcitrate Plus D.  ALLERGIES:  CONTRAST.
She was placed on Dopamine drip at 3.9 mg/kg/min, Integrilin 2 mcg/kg/min.
After successful stent placement in the left anterior descending, the patient developed hypotension and nausea.
She was started on Dopamine drip and transferred to the CCU for observation.
Cardiovascular:  The patient's hypotension was not amendable to control with Dopamine drip during her first 12 hours in the CCU.
After the intra-aortic balloon pump was placed, however, the cardiac index failed to improve at which point right heart catheterization was performed.
The drain was pulled after two days.
Intra-aortic balloon pump was removed approximately six hours after pericardial drain was removed with no complications.
The patient was started on beta-blocker and ACE inhibitor, and was switched over to q.d.
Heme:  The patient developed low platelets after intra-aortic balloon pump was placed.
This was a known complication of intra-aortic balloon pump; however, she was also started on Heparin as anticoagulation for IABP placement.
HIT antibody studies were checked and were negative; however, the patient was switched over from Heparin to Angiomax for anticoagulation.
Overall the patient recovered well once the pericardial drain and the IABP pump were discontinued.
Status post lateral myocardial infarction.
Status post coronary stent placement.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Lisinopril 20 p.o.
q.d., Metoprolol XL 50 mg p.o.
q.d., Colace 100 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Coumadin 5 mg p.o.
h.s., Lipitor 10 mg p.o.
q.d., Tylenol 325-650 mg p.o.
q.4-6 hours p.r.n., Levothyroxine 112 mcg p.o.
q.d., Plavix 75 mg p.o.
q.d., Aspirin enteric coated 325 mg p.o.
