He was started as an outpatient on Keflex with no improvement for question cellulitis.
Patient was initially treated with nebulizers for exacerbation with small improvement.
He was also treated with intravenous Oxacillin for question of cellulitis and Lasix 40 mg intravenous for lower extremity edema.
7) Kidney stones.
8) Univasc 15 mg p.o.
11) Lasix 80 mg p.o.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On admission generally no distress, temperature 98.2, blood pressure 107/81, pulse of 106, respiratory rate of 23, O2 saturation 98% on room air.
Extremities: bilateral lower extremity edema, taut erythema from thighs down.
Throughout the hospital stay a work up was done which included checking thyroid function tests which were normal, checking VMA and metanephrine for pheochromocytoma which were normal.
Patient was in the Cardiac Care Unit for dobutamine secondary to decreased pulmonary artery venous saturation of less than 40.
Patient was initially weaned off the dobutamine.
Cardiac output and index came over 2 and over 5 but then these dropped down and patient was started on milrinone.
This was continued for several days as patient continued with diuresis and hemodynamic monitoring through right internal jugular Swan.
Patient was eventually diuresed over 22 liters in the Cardiac Care Unit and was stabilized on a cardiac regimen of spironolactone 25 mg p.o.
q.d., Captopril 100 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Digoxin .125 mg p.o.
During this time patient was also worked up for possible heart transplant and transplant laboratories were sent.
However, with this improvement in cardiac output and cardiac index and the ability to stay off milrinone with good cardiac output and cardiac index patient was never formally placed on the transplant list.
Patient was evaluated by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] and started on amiodarone.
After his milrinone was stopped the patient's episodes of supraventricular tachycardia and ventricular tachycardia also stopped.
His amiodarone was also eventually stopped before admission and there was no indication for placement of an AICD.
Patient's hematocrit rose to the 37 - 38 range while an inpatient after diuresis and patient did not require transfusion for this hematocrit.
Patient was started on FESO4 325 mg p.o.
The patient was originally started on Oxacillin at admission for question of cellulitis.
Patient completed a seven day course of Oxacillin which was changed to dicloxacillin.
Patient never had any signs of clinical infection and his antibiotics were stopped after a seven day course.
Accolate as well as his Flovent and was given albuterol inhalers p.r.n.
Patient continued his outpatient regimen upon discharge.
Patient has history of gastroesophageal reflux disease and peptic ulcer disease and on Prevacid and was switched to Protonix which he will continue as an outpatient.
They recommended using Ativan .5 mg for anxiety and Trazodone for sleep.
2) Enalapril 20 mg p.o.
3) Albuterol 2 puffs q.
4) Lasix 120 mg p.o.
5) Allopurinol 200 mg p.o.
7) Spironolactone 25 mg p.o.
8) Protonix 40 mg p.o.
9) Zoloft 150 mg p.o.
10) Accolate 20 mg p.o.
11) Flovent 220 mcg 2 puffs b.i.d.
12) Colchicine 1 mg p.o.
