She was resuscitated with fluids but became hypotensive and required 9 L of Crystalloid on [**8-3**].
A CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis without contrast was performed which demonstrated marked peripancreatic inflammation with phlegmon and fluid.
Given the severity of her pancreatitis and concern for pancreatic necrosis, the patient was started on Imipenem.
She was intubated for transport with a pO2 of 65 on 60% FI02.
She required an Insulin drip for hyperglycemia.
Open reduction and internal fixation.
Nasogastric tube in place.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit for further evaluation and treatment for pancreatitis.
She remained intubated and sedated on Fentanyl and Ativan.
Insulin drip was continued for control of her hyperglycemia.
Sputum cultures grew Haemophilus influenza and Imipenem was continued for her pancreatitis and pneumonia.
Due to her continued pulmonary issues, on hospital day #4, an esophageal balloon manometer was used to calculate transpulmonary pressures.
The patient was also started on TPN for nutritional supplementation.
On hospital day #5, it was decided to also add trophic tube feeds through an NG which was placed extending to the third to fourth portion of the duodenum.
The patient tolerated these feeds well.
The patient continued to be treated with fluid resuscitation, as well as treatment for her pneumonia and pancreatitis.
With the progressive resolution of her pancreatitis, she became more hemodynamically stable, and she was able to be progressively diuresed with Lasix as needed.
On hospital day #7, the patient was transfused 2 U of packed red blood cells for a falling hematocrit which had decreased to 22.3.
She was also started on Epogen once a week.
Her vent settings were weaned, and she was extubated on hospital day 12.
Her tube feeds were increased to goal, and she continued to be diuresed.
Imipenem was discontinued after a two-week course.
NG tube was discontinued, and the patient was slowly progressed on an oral diet.
She was started on Lipitor 80 mg q.d.
and Niacin SR 500 mg b.i.d.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Insulin 30 U NPH in the morning and at dinner, Lipitor 80 mg q.d., Niacin SR 500 mg b.i.d.
