Postoperatively, the patient was prescribed Amoxicillin and Percocet, which he first took at 13:00 on [**5-24**].
Around 18:00 took next dose of medications and again vomited around 20:30 so violently that he "threw out his back."
He came to the Emergency Department at 21:30 where he received morphine, Toradol and Compazine and was discharged with Cyclobenzaprine and Compazine.
He took Compazine at 6:45 and Flexeril at 7:38.
He received 12 mg of Adenosine to unmask his rhythm.
Symptoms though were consistent with a drug reaction, questionable dystonic reaction and treated with Benadryl 50 intravenously, Ativan and repeated doses of Lopressor totally 15 mg intravenously and 50 mg po.
Benadryl 25 intravenously given again as there was no change in symptoms.
Ceftriaxone and Clindamycin were given empirically for systemic infection of possible oral source after his temperature spiked to 102.4.
He was treated with repeated doses of intravenous Valium followed by Propanolol in case thyroid storm was the cause with no effect after 25 mg.
Attempted Esmolol drip with good heart rate and blood pressure control with a bolus.
The patient subsequently seized and was intubated and transferred to the MICU.
Possible drug reaction:  It was felt that the patient's presentation was most likely consistent with a severe dystonic type drug reaction to a combination of Compazine and Flexeril.
In the MICU the patient was rapidly weaned off the ventilator as well as weaned off the Esmolol drip.
He was treated with 10 days of Ceftriaxone and Acyclovir.
The patient continued to spike low grade fevers while on antibiotics and also following the completed course of his antibiotics.
At the time of discharge the patient still had considerable low back pain that was treated with pain medications and Valium and was instructed to have a follow up MR of the head and MR of the L spine in approximately one week.
A fluid restriction was put in place and the patient's sodium responded and was 132 at the time of discharge.
He was started on Amlodipine 10 mg a day as this will also help treated the basal artery spasm noted on MRA.
Ibuprofen 800 mg po q 8 hours prn pain.
Valium 5 mg po q 8 hours prn pain.
Morphine instant release 15 mg q 4 to 6 hours prn pain.
Norvasc 10 mg one po q day.
Tylenol 1 gram q 6 hours prn pain.
