Severe vaginal bleeding in the fifth week and admissions for cervical shortening and preterm labor.
Betamethasone complete at the time of delivery.
The infant emerged with cry and received blow-by oxygen.
The infant was started on caffeine for apnea and bradycardia of prematurity.
FLUIDS/ELECTROLYTES/NUTRITION ISSUES:  The infant initially nothing by mouth and on intravenous fluids.
A peripherally inserted central catheter line was placed on day of life one, and the infant was started on parenteral nutrition.
Feeds were initiated on day of life six and were advanced slowly secondary to abdominal distention and visible loops.
Advanced to tube feeds of 100 cc/kg per day by day of life 14.
At the time of this dictation, the infant had advanced to tube feeds of 100 cc/kg per day of breast milk with parenteral nutrition running at 50 cc/kg per day for total fluids of 150 cc/kg per day.
GASTROINTESTINAL ISSUES:  Bilirubin at six hours of life was 6.7.
The infant was started on quadruple phototherapy.
Bilirubin continued to climb as high as 8.3.
The infant was prepared for an exchange transfusion; however, the bilirubin subsequently declined.
Phototherapy was decreased as the bilirubin levels dropped.
Phototherapy was discontinued on day of life nine for a bilirubin of 2.8 with a rebound bilirubin on day of life 10 of 3/0.6.
Received multiple glycerine suppositories.
The infant was started on ampicillin and gentamicin.
Blood cultures were no growth at 48 hours, and the antibiotics were discontinued.
The infant was started on vancomycin and gentamicin.
Gentamicin was continued for a total of three days, and vancomycin was continued for a planned 10-day course (at the time of this dictation the infant was on day [**8-16**] of vancomycin).
The infant's line infection was treated through the line and subsequent blood cultures on treatment with no growth.
The infant was transfused with 20 cc/kg of packed red blood cells.
The infant has not received any immunizations.
Status post Staphylococcus epidermidis line infection.
