The patient called his pulmonary attending who advised him to go to the Emergency Room, however, the patient refused and was treated with a Z-pack.
In the Emergency Department the patient was found to be in respiratory distress with a respiratory rate in the 40s, tachypneic, lethargic, mildly confused, weak and using accessory muscles for inspiration.
The patient was intubated due to respiratory distress and was started on Levaquin 500 mg intravenous for pneumonia.
After intubation the patient became hypotensive 80s/40s and was given 2 liters of boluses without an effect.
He was started on Neo-synephrine for hypotension and a right eye IJ line central line placement in the Emergency Room.
Prior to these interventions the patient was denying chest pain or abdominal pain.
Bronchiectasis intubated seven years ago for a pneumonia.
Benign prostatic hypertrophy status post transurethral resection of the prostate.
Levoxyl 100 micrograms po q day.
Hytrin 10 mg po q day.
Proscar 5 mg po q day.
O2 sat 96%.
Calcium, magnesium and phos 10.2, 1.8 and 2.0 respectively.
On the day of admission the patient was started Levaquin and Ceftazidime.
He was intubated and sedated and sent to the Intensive Care Unit.
The patient was hypotensive and intravascularly volume depleted secondary to infection and given the septic condition required aggressive hydration with boluses.
In terms of his renal function he was prerenal given a BUN and creatinine ratio greater then 20, so the goal was to obtain a urine output greater then 30 cc an hour.
On hospital day number two he had a total of 5 liters of normal saline with Levophed added for pressure support.
We changed his antibiotics from Levaquin and Ceftazidime to Vancomycin.
It was felt that the patient did not need a temporary pacemaker due to the transient state of this bradycardia, however, if it continued they would likely try Atropine.
Zol pads were placed on the patient for bradycardia, but we did not need them at the time and per cardiologies recommendation we discontinued the Levophed and changed him to Dobutamine.
When the sensitivities returned the patient was found to be sensitive to Ceftriaxone, so the antibiotics were changed from Vancomycin to Ceftriaxone.
On hospital day number eight the decision was made to start the patient on heparin for anticoagulation given new onset of atrial fibrillation.
The sedation was weaned off and the patient's vital signs remained stable.
Four days after starting the heparin we noted that the patient had hematuria with clots in the Foley so the heparin was discontinued.
However, the concern was for gram negative rods growing in the sputum culture, so the concern was for Pseudomonas and Zosyn was started.
The patient was given Diltiazem intravenous for persistent atrial fibrillation that he was now becoming tachycardic.
We then started him on Coumadin for anticoagulation due to the new development of atrial fibrillation that was now rate controlled.
The patient was also started on a beta blocker Metoprolol 12.5 mg t.i.d.
We continued the patient on his current medications, which included Coumadin for anticoagulation, Metoprolol for rate control and we obtained a neurological consult due to decline in mental status and possible development of dementia.
They recommended avoiding sedation and to minimize the use of antipsychotics.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Same as on admission with the exception of the Zithromax was discontinued and the patient had completed his full antibiotic course.
Coumadin for anticoagulation and Lopresor for rate control.
