Pt started on Levo 250mg qd (renally dosed) for LLL pneumonia for 14 days total with Prednisone 60mg qd x 2 weeks total, careful to tightly control blood sugars.
She was started on BiPAP for increasing respiratory distress and agitation and she improved on BiPAP however as she became increasingly agitated she would not keep the BiPAP on.
The next day her resp status remained stable with intermitent distress requiring BiPAP and then she was noted to go into rapid afib which was controlled with diltiazem and then she was transferred to the MICU for further monitoring.
Her respiratory distress was stable in the unit, but as she could not tolerate BiPAP this was held and her resp status improved with IV steroids and adding ceftriaxone as she now had a new RML pneumonia.
She will continue to complete a 2week course of levofloxacin and prednisone.
She will continue on nebulizers with scheduled long acting beta agonist and steroids.
Atrial fibrillation- she had an acute episode of rapid afib during her respiratory distress that improved with diltiazem and rate control and she had an echo which was otherwwise normal.
She was continued to po diltiazem with good relief and converted to sinus rhythm spontaneously and was not started on anticoagulation.
Urinary tract infection- patient came in with a UTI by her urinalysis but she remained covered for UTI with her antibitoics for her pneumonia.
Delerium- on admission came in very confused and was most likely secondary to acute infection and CO2 retention from her COPD- as her infection was treated and her COPD was managed with BiPAP, steroids, nebulizers and supplemental O2.
She was continued on her home oral regimen with supplemental sliding scale becuse of her steroids.
Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q4-6H (every 4 to 6 hours) as needed for fever, pain.
Aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One (1) Tablet, Chewable PO QD (once a day).
Heparin Sodium (Porcine) 5,000 unit/mL Solution Sig: One (1) Injection TID (3 times a day).
Albuterol Sulfate 0.083 % Solution Sig: One (1)  Inhalation every six (6) hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing.
Ipratropium Bromide 0.02 % Solution Sig: One (1)  Inhalation Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing.
Insulin Regular Human 100 unit/mL Solution Sig: One (1) Injection ASDIR (AS DIRECTED).
Prednisone 20 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO QD (once a day) for 5 days.
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day).
Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day).
Bisacodyl 5 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
Lactulose 10 g/15 mL Syrup Sig: Thirty (30) ML PO QD (once a day) as needed for constipation.
Albuterol 90 mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: 1-2 Puffs Inhalation Q4-6H (every 4 to 6 hours) as needed for SOB/wheezing.
Ranitidine HCl 150 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QD (once a day).
Calcium Carbonate 500 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One (1) Tablet, Chewable PO TID W/MEALS (3 TIMES A DAY WITH MEALS).
Glyburide 1.25 mg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO QD (once a day).
Levofloxacin 250 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day for 5 days: Don't give with Tums.
Diltiazem HCl 90 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QID (4 times a day): Hold for SBP < 100, or HR < 55.
02 Dependent COPD (3L) 2.
Continue taking prednisone as prescribed for a total of 2 weeks.
Concurrently, take calcium, vitamin D, and ranitidine as prescribed.
Continue taking Levofloxacin for a total of 2 weeks.
