CPR was started and she was given epinephrine and atropine.
Cycled enzymes revealed no MI, but she was remained intubated and in pulmonary edema.
MEDICATIONS:  Her medications on admission from home were Lasix 40 mg p.o.
q day, verapamil XR 240 mg q day, Doxepin 50 mg p.o.
q day, Premarin, potassium, Wellbutrin, Concerta, Xanax, Moexipril, and on transfer she was on Protonix, Zosyn, Lovenox, and Plavix.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat exam, normocephalic, atraumatic.
An intra-aortic balloon pump was in place and she had Doppler pulses bilaterally.
On neurological exam she was sedated and responsive.
She presented to the catheterization laboratory area and was talking and then had acute severe pulmonary edema and was intubated in the catheterization laboratory, started on a nitro drip, and given 160 mg of Lasix IV.
An intra-aortic balloon pump was placed.
The patient, on [**6-18**], underwent a coronary artery bypass graft times three with left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending, reverse saphenous vein graft to OM and posterior descending artery.
In the operating room her right leg was pulseless and cold and the intra-aortic balloon pump was removed.
Vascular surgery then did an exploration of the right groin and the patient then had pulses in her leg and it warmed up.
She remained intubated on postop day #1 and required aggressive diuresis.
She was weaned off her dopamine.
Her Lasix was stopped at that point.
She required aggressive pulmonary toilet.
She remained in the Intensive Care Unit and required aggressive pulmonary therapy.
She was also seen by psychiatry because she had been on several medications preop and they felt that we should not restart them at that time.
She was also given Benadryl to counteract what they felt was motor difficulties with her tongue induced by Reglan.
She also continued to require aggressive pulmonary therapy.
She also had a swallowing evaluation which recommended maintaining aspiration precautions, but said she could tolerate food.
She eventually was extubated on postop day #12 and she was more oriented and continued to progress and eventually neurology and renal signed off as her renal function improved and her mental status improved.
She was started on Haldol which improved her mental status tremendously and she was discharged to rehabilitation on postop day #19 in stable condition.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:   Her medications on discharge:   1.
Ecotrin 325 mg p.o.
Nystatin ointment topically q.i.d.
Tylenol one to two p.o.
Percocet one to two p.o.
Haldol 1 mg p.o.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.
Lopressor 50 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
