The patient was placed on full face mask BIPAP and was admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for monitoring of her respiratory status.
At home, the patient wore CPAP for four to six hours every night and received oxygen via nasal cannula at a rate of 2 to 2.5 liters per minute during the day.
Chronic anemia thought to be due to Vitamin B12 deficiency.
Lasix 40 mg q.d.
Atenolol 25 mg once a day.
Nitroglycerin patch 0.4 mg transdermal patch applied once a day.
Carvedilol 3.125 mg once a day.
ALLERGIES:  Reported allergies were to Penicillin and Streptomycin.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  When we examined the patient, her vital signs revealed a heart rate of 48, blood pressure 89/48, respiratory rate 26, oxygen saturation 92% on BIPAP face mask with a pressure support of 15, PEEP of 5 and FIO2 of 40%.
LABORATORY DATA:  On admission, sodium 142, initial potassium of 7.0 in a hemolyzed specimen with a repeat potassium of 4.9, chloride 96, bicarbonate 37, blood urea nitrogen 23, creatinine 0.8, and glucose of 151.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  In the Emergency Department, an initial arterial blood gas was performed with the patient on 100% nonrebreather face mask.
After the patient was placed on a face mask with 50% FIO2, a repeat blood gas showed a pH of 7.13, pCO2 of 137, and pO2 of 132.
The patient was given a single dose of Levofloxacin in the Emergency Department to treat for community acquired pneumonia.
She was also given intravenous Solu-Medrol to treat for any underlying bronchospastic component contributing to her pulmonary decompensation.
She was given 1 mg of Morphine Sulfate and also Nitroglycerin paste in the Emergency Department.
Therefore, intubation was not attempted in this patient.
Instead, full face mask was the preferred method of oxygen delivery and she was admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for monitoring of her oxygenation and ventilatory status.
The patient was also diuresed with Lasix, having received a total of 100 mg intravenous Lasix in the Emergency Department and an additional 40 mg of Lasix after admission to the Intensive Care Unit.
This produced a net diuresis of negative two liters on the evening of admission.
Further antibiotics were held at this time as the patient was afebrile and did not have an elevated white blood cell count and there was low clinical suspicion for pneumonia.
Further steroids were also held.
She was placed on nasal CPAP overnight.
At the time of this desaturation event, the patient was on nasal CPAP and ultimately after being placed on full face mask BIPAP, the patient's oxygen saturation returned to the 80% range.
Her Levofloxacin was also restarted to treat for a presumptive pneumonia.
Atropine was placed at the patient's bedside.
On the morning of [**2103-7-26**], the patient was restarted on Solu-Medrol to treat for any possible underlying component of bronchospastic disease and the decision was made to obtain a bedside abdominal ultrasound to evaluate the question of a pleural effusion at the right lung base seen on serial chest x-rays.
