The patient received aspirin and nitroglycerin times three with slight relief in his chest pain.
He received aspirin, Lopressor, nitropaste and was started on a nitro drip and a heparin drip.
His left anterior descending coronary artery was 100% occluded and mid segment and he underwent stenting of his mid left anterior descending coronary artery without any complications.
He also received Integrilin within in the catheterization laboratory.
Prostate cancer undergoing radiation therapy on day 28 of 42.
Spinal laminectomy times two.
Internal hemorrhoids.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Brother with coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft.
He received a percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty with a pixel stent with rescue of his first diagonal.
His enzymes subsequently trended down following cardiac catheterization.
The patient received Integrilin in the catheterization laboratory and was maintained on this for 18 hours.
He was started on aspirin and Plavix.
His lipids and liver function tests were checked and he was started on a statin.
He was also started on a low dose beta blocker and ace inhibitor, which were titrated up as tolerated throughout the hospitalization.
Echocardiogram showed multiple wall motion abnormalities including anteroseptal, anterior and apical akinesis.
He was started on Lovenox for anticoagulation given his wall motion abnormalities with plans for a follow up echocardiogram in approximately one month.
The patient had excellent diuresis with this regimen.
Rhythm, the patient was maintained on telemetry following his myocardial infarction.
The patient was started on an aggressive insulin regimen in order to maintain euglycemia.
[**Last Name (un) **] diabetes center was consulted for help in managing his diabetes and his new insulin regimen.
The patient was started on a regular insulin regimen with good control of his blood sugars.
He also received teaching on blood glucose monitoring and insulin injections.
Aspirin 325 mg q day.
Plavix 75 mg q day.
Fluoxetine 40 mg q day.
Terazosin 2 mg q.h.s.
Gabapentin 400 mg t.i.d.
Mirtazapine 22.5 mg q.h.s.
Risperdal .25 mg b.i.d.
Colace 100 mg b.i.d.
Pantoprazole 40 mg q day.
Captopril 25 mg t.i.d.
Metoprolol 25 mg b.i.d.
Atorvastatin 10 mg q day.
Coumadin 5 mg q.h.s.
