PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, peripheral vascular disease, abdominal aortic aneurysm 4.5 cm, per patient report, adrenal mass on the left, bilateral renal artery stenosis, right axillary to bifemoral bypass in [**2140**], complicated by an occlusion for which the patient has been on Coumadin since that time and PTSD.
Lipitor 80 every day.
Zetia 10 mg every day.
Lasix 20 every day.
Coumadin 12 every day.
Aspirin 81 every day.
Zantac 150 b.i.d.
Atenolol 50 every day.
Nifedipine SR 60 every day.
Ferrous sulfate 325 every day.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  As stated previously, the patient had a past medical history of CAD and was admitted one day prior to coronary artery bypass grafting.
In summary, he had a coronary artery bypass graft times two with LIMA to the diagonal and saphenous vein graft to the posterior descending artery.
His bypass time was 63 minutes with a cross clamp time of 50 minutes.
He tolerated the operation well and was transferred from the operating room to the cardiothoracic intensive care unit.
He had phenylephrine at 0.5 mcg/kilogram per minute and propofol at 20 mcg per kilogram per minute.
His anesthesia was reversed.
He was weaned from the ventilator and successfully extubated.
His Swan-Ganz catheter and central line were discontinued.
Diuretics were begun and he was transferred to the floor for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation.
His chest tubes were removed.
His temporary pacing wires were removed and he was begun on Coumadin, given his preoperative occlusion of his axillary bifemoral bypass.
The patient's Coumadin dose was adjusted, awaiting the patient to have a therapeutic INR.
He remained on heparin infusion during that period of time and on postoperative day nine, it was decided that the patient was stable and ready to be discharged to home.
Small amount of serous drainage on the right saphenous vein graft harvest site.
CAD status post coronary artery bypass grafting times two    with LIMA to the diagonal; saphenous vein graft to the    PDA.
Potassium chloride 20 meq twice a day times two weeks and    then 20 mEq every day.
Colace 100 mg b.i.d.
Aspirin 81 mg every day 4.
Oxycodone 40 mg sustained release, one tablet every 12    hours times 10 days.
Oxycodone 5 mg tablets, one to two tablets every four to    six hours prn as needed for pain.
Ezetimibe 10 mg every day.
Ferrous sulfate 325 mg every day.
Ascorbic acid 400 mg twice a day.
Nicotine patch 14 mg, one patch for 24 hours times 2    weeks.
Combivent one to two puffs every six hours.
Metoprolol 100 mg b.i.d.
Amlodipine 10 mg every day.
Lasix 40 mg twice a day times 14 days and then every    day.
Warfarin as directed, to meet a target INR of 2.5.
Lipitor 80 mg every day.
Zantac 150 mg b.i.d.
