Was started on Nitro drip and given Bumex then transferred to [**Hospital3 **] for further care.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Scleroderma, Raynaud's, end-stage renal disease, arthritis status post atrial myxoma removal, questionable asthma, questionable hip fracture.
Zestril 2.
Verapamil 3.
Nitro drip 2.
Diovan 325 3.
Duragesic 150 mcg 4.
Prilosec 28 b.i.d.
Prednisone 5 a day 6.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 8.
Neurontin 100 b.i.d.
Ativan 1 mg t.i.d.
Aspirin 11.
Wellbutrin 100 b.i.d.
Quinine   PHYSICAL EXAMINATION AT TIME OF ADMISSION:  Temperature 94, blood pressure 157/90, was on AC 400 x 14 with an FIO2 of 50 percent.
Chem-7 remarkable for a potassium of 5.9, BUN 31, and creatinine 3.9, white count 11.9, hematocrit 39, platelets 192, LDH 267.
Her sedation was lightened and, by communicating through writing, patient stated that she wished to be extubated and that she would not ever want to be reintubated.
Patient underwent hemodialysis to assist in fluid removal and was started on afterload reduction with Hydralazine and nitro paste.
Patient has a questionable allergy to her ACE inhibitor and also was having difficulty taking pills and thus intravenous and transdermal medications were used.
In terms of other possible etiologies, an induced sputum for pneumocystis carinii pneumonia was sent and is pending at the time of this dictation, and patient was treated with Levaquin for a question of possible pneumonia.
End-stage renal disease:  Patient was continued on hemodialysis as per Renal and started on calcium carbonate as a phos blanket.
Patient's medications were given intravenously as possible.
Due to the concern over the confusion of the dose and the concern of possibly suppressing the patient's respiratory drive, the Fentanyl patch was dosed at 75 mcg an hour, and breakthrough pain was managed through intravenous Morphine given the patient's inability to take POs.
The remainder of this discharge summary, including patient's discharge medications and discharge diagnoses will be dictated as part of an addendum to this summary.
