PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Initial physical examination with a blood pressure of 104/71, heart rate of 125, respirations intubated at 24, oxygen saturation of 96%.
Endotracheal tube in place and G-tube in place.
EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT COURSE:  The patient quickly had two chest tubes placed along with a right femoral trauma line.
The patient's condition stabilized after intravenous fluids, and he was felt stable for a CAT scan.
He was placed on assist-control ventilation; however, his oxygen saturations and PAO2 were inadequate, and he was switched to pressure-control ventilation as he progressed to an acute respiratory distress syndrome picture.
He was sedated with Ativan and morphine and paralyzed during this process.
He was placed on Kefzol and Protonix prophylaxis and received frequency nebulizer treatments.
He was transfused with fresh frozen plasma to correct a mild coagulopathy and was transfused with 2 units of packed red blood cells for a slight hematocrit drop to 27 initially with an adequate response to a hematocrit of 36 afterwards.
The patient had a Swan-Ganz catheter placed to monitor hemodynamic status, and he had a high central venous pressures and pulmonary arterial pressures; indicating that the patient was not hypovolemic.
The patient's pulmonary status was such that he was requiring increasing levels of positive end-expiratory pressure and 100% FIO2 to maintain adequate oxygenation while his PCO2 were rising as well; and this was felt to be secondary to a very severe air dehiscent pulmonary contusions.
He was briefly placed on high-frequency oscillatory ventilation with significant improvement in his oxygenation and ventilation, allowing a decrease in his FIO2.
The patient was able to return to pressure-control ventilation soon thereafter and began a slow wean from the ventilator.
Plain films of the patient's bilateral upper extremities revealed no fractures, and a repeat chest x-ray showed no change in his prior x-rays of bilateral long whiteout, but no gross pneumothorax with chest tube in good position.
Throughout this time the patient began spiking temperatures, and cultures were drawn peripherally and from urine and sputum as well as bronchoscopy.
The sputum cultures began growing out hemophilus influenza for which the patient was started on levofloxacin with slight defervescence of his fever.
The patient also began to experience decreasing platelets at this time.
He was switched from subcutaneous heparin to Hirudin for possible heparin-induced thrombocytopenia, and heparin-induced thrombocytopenia antibodies were sent.
The patient began a slow pulmonary ventilator wean; at this point down from his initial high FIO2 and positive end-expiratory pressures.
He was continued on sedation and paralysis with Ativan, morphine, and cisatracurium.
He began having tube feeds through a Dobbhoff feeding tube and was continued on gastrointestinal prophylaxis with Protonix, nebulizers, and Venodyne boots.
The patient revealed intermittent boluses of albumin for an elevated heart rate and decreased urine output despite high right-sided filling pressures with good response.
By hospital day seven, the patient began to stabilize and his intracranial pressure monitor had been discontinued and high-frequency oscillatory ventilation had been discontinued.
He was responding to antibiotic treatment for the hemophilus influenza in his sputum.
He began to receive Lasix diuresis for his overall body fluid overload.
At this time, the patient began having a sputum that grew gram-positive cocci which was eventually identified as methicillin-susceptible Staphylococcus aureus, for which he was started on oxacillin in addition to the levofloxacin that he was on for his hemophilus influenza.
After this, the patient continued to spike low-grade fevers but was thought to be adequately covered for antibiotics, as no other culture data grew out any additional organisms.
The patient's respiratory status continued to slowly improve, and his ventilatory support was weaned down to assist-control with decreasing positive end-expiratory pressures and decreasing FIO2.
There was an initial discussion of need for tracheostomy and percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube placement, but as the patient continued to be improving, it was felt that he would hopefully improve rapidly enough once he was past his pulmonary contusions and that he would not need this and would be able to be extubated and return to oral feeds quickly.
By hospital day 10, the patient was significantly improved and was placed on pressure-support ventilation which he tolerated well initially.
He did require high pressure support initially, but was quickly weaned over the next two to three days and was finally extubated on hospital day 20.
He initially required increased supplemental oxygen to maintain adequate oxygenation, but this was quickly weaned down.
His sedation was also fully weaned off and was eventually discontinued.
The patient remained stable on mild supplemental oxygenation and was initially transferred to the floor on hospital day 21.
His mental status was somewhat impulsive at times while he was suffering the residual effects of the long-term Ativan and morphine drips that he had been on; however, this quickly resolved over the two days while he was on the floor, and he was nearly at his baseline mental status with his parents happy with his behavior.
The patient was evaluated by Physical Therapy who felt that he was doing so well that he did not need inpatient rehabilitation and just minimal outpatient rehabilitation for strengthening and gait training.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
