She was then referred to Cardiothoracic Surgery for aortic valve replacement.
Right hip replacement 4.
Noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus  MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:   Include Glucovance 5/500 one tablet twice a day, Univasc 7.5 mg once daily, lasix 20 mg every other day, and aspirin 325 mg once daily.
Electrocardiogram:  Rate of 91, first degree AV block, intervals .22, .92, .36, with left ventricular hypertrophy.
HOSPITAL COURSE:   The patient was a direct admission to the operating room on [**2-15**], at which time she underwent an aortic valve replacement.
In summary, she had an aortic valve replacement with a #21 mosaic porcine valve.
She tolerated the operation well, and was transferred from the operating room to the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit.
Therefore, she was continued on a Neo-Synephrine drip to maintain a systolic blood pressure greater than 110.
She therefore remained on the ventilator throughout the day of postoperative day one.
Her Neo-Synephrine drip was weaned to off.
Her chest tubes were discontinued and, at the end of the day, she was transferred from the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit to the floor for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation.
Over the next several days, her activity level was increased with the assistance of Physical Therapy and the nursing staff.
Her respiratory condition remained stable and, on postoperative day four, she was deemed stable and ready to be transferred to rehabilitation for continuing postoperative care and physical therapy.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:   Ranitidine 150 mg twice a day, enteric-coated aspirin 325 mg once daily, Glucovance 5/500 one tablet twice a day, metoprolol 25 mg twice a day, Furosemide 20 mg once daily for 14 days, potassium chloride 20 mEq once daily for 14 days, Colace 100 mg twice a day, Niferex 150 mg once daily, Percocet 5/325 one to two tablets every four hours as needed, ibuprofen 400 mg every six hours as needed.
Aortic stenosis status post aortic valve replacement with a #21 mosaic porcine valve 2.
