On the afternoon of admission, the patient was unremitting and was associated with lightheadedness, diaphoresis and nausea.
Three proximal right coronary artery stents were placed, however, the procedure was complicated by the temporary loss of the right ventricular marginal branch during the procedure, however, this artery became patent later in the procedure.
The procedure was also complicated by a probable contained coronary perforation distally from a guide wire with contrast appearing to drain into the venous structure and multiple echocardiograms showing no effusion.
Additionally, the procedure was complicated by two episodes of ventricular fibrillation which each responded to a single shock.
Repeat angiogram after the procedure showed all vessels stented were patent.
ST elevations in inferior and posterior leads as well as AVR and before R.  HOSPITAL COURSE: 1.
Cardiovascular:  1) Coronary artery disease; the patient was started on aspirin and Plavix, however, the usual dose of Integrilin was held secondary to perforated right coronary artery due to the risk of tamponade.
The patient was also started on Lipitor 10 mg after liver tests showed relatively normal transaminase levels.
2) Pump; the patient was started on a low dose of Metoprolol and Zestril.
The patient was started on a Lidocaine drip that was continued for 24 hours and discontinued.
Fluids, Electrolytes and Nutrition:  The patient was started on a cardiac diet as well as diabetic diet.
The patient was encouraged to continue on a diabetic diet after discharge.
Endocrine:  The patient was a known non-insulin dependent diabetic and was not restarted on his oral hypoglycemics, however, he was covered with a sliding scale insulin which was minimally used throughout his hospitalization.
The patient was to be restarted on his outpatient hypoglycemic regimen when he was discharged.
Prophylaxis:  The patient received Protonix for peptic ulcer disease prophylaxis and Docusate for constipation.
Additionally, the patient received Ambien on the last night of his hospitalization for sleep.
Glucophage and Glyburide as previously dosed.
Zestril 5 mg p.o.
Lopressor 50 mg p.o.
Lipitor 10 mg p.o.
Plavix 75 mg p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
