The A fib was finally rate controlled with a combination of oral Diltiazem, Lopressor, and Amiodarone.
On the day of admission, the patient spiked a temperature to 101 and then was started on Oxacillin and Flagyl for proctitis.
Vanco and Zosyn were given.
ET tube placement complicated by profound hypotension to systolic blood pressures of 35/18.
Hypotensive systolic blood pressure 30s to 60s for approximately 20 minutes before blood pressure increased with 3.5 liters of normal saline and Levophed drip.
Therefore, no surgical intervention deemed necessary.
The patient was taken to the MICU where an A line was placed, given 2.3 units of FFP for an INR of 3.6 and a right IG catheter was placed.
Ionized calcium 1.05, lactate 2.8.
He was maintained on either AC ventilation or pressure support.
The patient was switched to ampicillin and gentamicin which helped cover him for five days the gentamicin course and the ampicillin is going to be between two and six weeks upon discussion with the Infectious Disease team.
The patient was restarted on his Amiodarone, Diltiazem and Lopressor with improved control.
The patient's Coumadin was held and heparin was restarted but is being currently held due to a left internal jugular or left neck hematoma that developed upon trying to insert a central venous line.
He received several liters of fluid and was intermittently diuresed to a baseline.
He had a period of profound hypotension in the ED for 20-30 minutes.
At this current point, he is unable to state his name, place, or orientation at all.
He remained Guaiac positive and his NG tube did suction for coffee grounds.
FLUIDS, ELECTROLYTES, AND NUTRITION:  He required to be often repleted for potassium and had a very elevated scale.
HYPOTENSION:  The patient was found to be adrenally insufficient on the [**Hospital Ward Name 516**] and the patient was continued on stress-dose hydrocortisone which is going to be tapered.
DISCHARGE STATUS:  Currently still in the Medical Intensive Care Unit requiring frequent suctioning and oxygen support.
