Her vital signs at the outside hospital on admission were temperature 98.9, pulse 65, respiratory rate 16, blood pressure 74/39, O2 saturation 84% on room air, which increased to 93% on four liters by nasal cannula.
An arterial blood gas showed a pH of 7.27, PCO2 31, and PO2 77 on two liters nasal cannula.
The patient was anuric and transiently placed on a Lasix drip and renally dosed dopamine drip.
Renal consultation was obtained who recommended intravenous fluids and bicarbonate as well as transfer to the intensive care unit.
MEDICATIONS AT HOME:  1.
Albuterol inhaler.
Tylenol p.r.n.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Vital signs were temperature 99.8, blood pressure 123/71, pulse 85, oxygen saturation 97% on four liters by nasal cannula.
Toxoplasmosis was also negative.
On admission the patient was believed to be encephalopathic from her liver failure and she was started on Lactulose via a nasogastric tube.
She was also started prophylactically on antibiotics with ceftriaxone and fluconazole until the results of her infectious work-up returned as negative.
The patient was also given vitamin K to reverse her elevated INR.
2 hour fingersticks with Regular Insulin sliding scale due to the risk of hyperglycemia with liver failure.
In the meantime she was started on aggressive hydration and all of her medications were renally dosed.
A temporary catheter was placed and the patient was started on hemodialysis initially every two to three days.
The hemodialysis sessions were spaced further apart when the patient started producing more urine and she was started on diuretics to encourage urine output.
A permanent line was placed prior to discharge for further outpatient hemodialysis.
At the time of discharge it was believed that her acute renal failure was most likely due to acute tubular necrosis from medication and/or hypotension and/or rhabdomyolysis.
It is unknown how much longer the patient will require hemodialysis, but the renal consultation team hopes that she will not require life-long dialysis.
She was briefly on a labetalol drip in the intensive care unit and required multiple medications to control her blood pressure.
Seizure disorder:  The patient has no previous history of seizures, however on [**2150-9-4**] she was found to have four seizures with 2 mg of Ativan IV between each seizure.
The first seizure was characterized as tonic and the following three seizures were generalized tonic-clonic seizures.
Since the Ativan was not able to control her seizures, she was started on a Dilantin load and was transferred from the floor to the intensive care unit for further management.
One possibility is that the patient was taking 5-6 mg of Neurontin prior to admission, which was abruptly stopped, as the medical team was not aware of her neurontin use.
Another possibility raised was that Flagyl, which the patient had been taking for a pneumonia, was a possible cause for seizures, however this is less likely as the patient was taken off Flagyl following the first set of seizures and she had recurrent seizures even off the Flagyl.
She was continued on Dilantin with daily Dilantin and free Dilantin level checks, as well as Keppra throughout the remainder of her hospital course and she had no further seizures.
Neurology was consulted and assisted with the thorough work-up of her seizures as well as with medication dosing.
The plan is currently to maintain her on Dilantin and to change the dosing once she is off hemodialysis.
She is on Keppra 500 mg p.o.
q. day with an extra 250 mg dose on dialysis days.
