The patient was given doses of Lasix for attempt of diuresis due to the large amount of volume resuscitation that the patient had required.
On the morning of postoperative day number three, the patient had been having runs of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia on an amiodarone infusion.
The patient developed atrial fibrillation and was given boluses of amiodarone and electrolytes were corrected.
The patient initially became hypotensive and the patient required DC-cardioversion and was subsequently converted into sinus rhythm.
The patient was subsequently paced with good return of his blood pressure.
On postoperative day number four, the patient's intra-aortic balloon pump was weaned and removed without complication.
The patient, over the course of postoperative day number four, was weaned off of his pressors and continued to be hemodynamically stable with an adequate cardiac index.
On postoperative day number five, the patient was weaned and extubated from mechanical ventilation and required significant pulmonary toilet to maintain oxygenation.
On postoperative day number six, the patient underwent a bedside speech and swallow examination.
The patient was started on Haldol for episodes of confusion and agitation with good effect.
The patient began working with Physical Therapy on postoperative day number seven and was very weak but was able to ambulate about 100 feet with the assist of pushing a wheelchair.
The patient continued to require large amounts of pulmonary toilet with occasional nasotracheal suctioning.
The patient was pan-cultured and subsequent sputum cultures showed that he was growing Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus for which he was placed on Vancomycin.
The patient was empirically started on ceftriaxone as he had developed a urinary tract infection while on Levofloxacin.
As the patient's white blood cell count on postoperative day number 12 had risen to 21,000, the patient was started on Vancomycin and white blood cell count subsequently dropped to 12,000.
The patient had been ambulating with Physical Therapy and was able to be transferred to the floor where he continued to work with Physical Therapy and increase his diet.
Status post urgent coronary artery bypass graft.
Lopressor 75 mg p.o.
Potassium chloride 20 mEq p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Enteric-coated aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Tylenol 350 mg p.o.
Dulcolax 10 mg p.r.
Milk of Magnesia 30 cc p.o.
Captopril 25 mg p.o.
Haldol 1 mg p.o.
Lasix 40 mg intravenously three times a day until lower extremity edema is decreased, and then should be changed to p.o.
Miconazole nitrate powder applied to bilateral groin three times a day.
Nystatin swish and swallow, 5 cc p.o.
Vancomycin 1 gram intravenously q.
The patient should have a Vancomycin peak and trough drawn on [**11-17**] and the dose should be adjusted accordingly.
DISCHARGE STATUS:   The patient is to be discharged to rehabilitation in stable condition.
