She denied any abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, fevers, chills, chest pain, dizziness, palpitations, or lightheadedness.
Peripheral vascular disease, status post aortofemoral bypass.
Aspirin 325 mg daily.
Protonix 40 mg daily.
Prednisone 5 mg daily.
Levoxyl 50 mcg daily.
Tramadol 50 mg p.o.
Dulcolax 10 mg daily.
Calcium acetate 667 mg t.i.d.
Epogen 10,000 units q week.
Hydralazine 25 mg p.o.
Calcitriol 0.25 q.d.
Toprol XL 150 mg daily.
Gabapentin 300 mg p.o.
Insulin 70/30 26 units q.a.m.
NPH insulin 4 units q.p.m.
Zestril 10 mg daily.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.
Attempts were made to slow her rate with IV Lopressor, so when her rate did not respond, electrical cardioversion was attempted with 200, 300, and then 360 joules without success.
She was given 15 mg of IV diltiazem, which showed her rate into the 60s and 70s, and converted her into normal sinus rhythm.
In addition, the patient has reportedly refused anticoagulation in the past as an outpatient for her paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
As in the time of discharge to the medical floor, the patient was restarted on 81 mg of aspirin daily to decrease her risk of stroke.
The patient was seen by Gastroenterology, and underwent a colonoscopy, which revealed diverticular disease and one nonbleeding arteriovenous malformation, which was cauterized.
This is presumably secondary to her renal disease as she is on Epogen as an outpatient.
Her colonoscopy was negative for any malignancy, however, given her history of Barrett's esophagus, she should have an outpatient EGD as surveillance for esophageal malignancy.
She was continued on her PPI during this admission.
The patient's Lasix was initially held during her fluid resuscitation, however, on the day of transfer from the ICU to the medical floor, the patient was clinically fluid overloaded, and was given a dose of 40 mg of IV Lasix.
She was also restarted on her outpatient cardiac medications and diuretic.
The patient was asymptomatic and was continued on her suppressive dose of prednisone 5 mg daily.
At the time of her transfer out of the Intensive Care Unit, she was restarted on her lisinopril and hydralazine.
The patient has a history of hypothyroidism and was admitted on 50 mcg of Levoxyl daily.
The patient's TSH should be checked as an outpatient 4-6 weeks after discharge as her dose of Levoxyl may need to be increased.
