This episode is similar to his previous back pain which has been unrelieved with NSAIDs in the past.
The pain was relieved with sublingual nitroglycerin at the outside hospital.
The patient experienced hypotension during cardiac catheterization and required an intra-aortic balloon pump placement.
He was also started on a dopamine drip for blood pressure control.
Lipitor 10.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25.
Aspirin 81.
Atenolol 100.
He remained very unstable on an intra-aortic pump with acute ischemia and EKG changes anytime wean was attempted.
He was, therefore, maintained on a balloon pump for the next five to six days.
His blood pressure improved after hospital day number three and he was able to be weaned off the dopamine.
Lopressor and occasional doses of IV Lopressor and IV Diltiazem to maintain pulse less than 100.
He was also started on an ACE inhibitor given findings of echocardiogram with poor ejection fraction between 35 and 40%.
After about a week in the Coronary Care Unit, the patient was able to be weaned off the balloon pump with better blood pressure off pressors.
Our initial approach was to proceed towards cardiac surgery given the history of severe disease.
Another cardiac catheterization with high-risk intervention upon his RCA and LAD which are chronically occluded was deemed unnecessary at this point.
We, therefore, transferred the patient to the regular medical floor where his medical therapy with beta blocker was maximized.
RESPIRATORY:  On hospital day number two, the patient became increasingly agitated, pulling at tubes and drains and trying to remove IVs.
He was unable to pull out his Swan-Ganz catheter from the right femoral groin.
He received several units of packed red blood cells with good improvement in his hematocrit.
It was decided to treat him for one week with vancomycin, ...................., Flagyl given the critical nature of his illness.
ENDOCRINE:  The patient's glucose remained in the 150-180 range during most of the stay and required tight control with regular insulin sliding scale.
He probably has undiagnosed diabetes and will require outpatient management with probably the initiation of oral hypoglycemic therapy later on.
Lopressor 100 t.i.d.
Aspirin 325 p.o.
Lipitor 10 p.o.
Plavix 75 p.o.
Heparin 5,000 units q. eight hours.
Lisinopril 40 p.o.
