From the other hospital Cefotetan, Protonix, multivitamin and intravenous fluids.
Multiple skin lesions and psoriatic patches.
White blood cell count 22.7, hematocrit 35.7, platelets 353, 88% neutrophils, 5% bands, 2% lymphocytes, INR 1.4, PT 14.2, PTT 38, sodium 133, K 3.6, chloride 104, bicarb 21, BUN 7, creatinine 1.2, glucose 96, albumin 1.6, total protein 6.1, blood cultures from [**6-22**] grew 2 out of 2 bottles of Klebsiella sensitive to Gentamycin, Pip and Bactrim resistant to Ampicillin and Ticarcillin.
The patient had two biliary drains and two stents placed in his common bile duct.
He had his ascitic fluid tapped, which was positive for gram positive coccii in pairs, clusters and he grew Enterococcus from his bile drain and his adomen.
On the 21st the patient had a CT of the abdomen that had a percutaneous stent placed with a decompressed biliary tree.
On the 29th he had another CT of the abdomen, which showed a percutaneous biliary drain in the right lobe of the liver with the distal tip within the duodenum, also wit a percutaneous drain in the left lobe of the liver with distal loop within the gallbladder, small ascites, colonic diverticula without diverticulitis and small pleural effusion.
The patient was transferred to the MICU where he underwent hemodynamic monitoring.
He was continued on antibiotics.
He received an A line and albumin.
The patient had a Swan-Ganz catheter placed on the 2nd and was started on Octreotide and Midodrine from the liver team for treatment of hepatorenal syndrome.
He was also started on Linezolid for his enterococcus and diagnosis of VRE.
He was continued on Octreotide and Midodrine.
He received more albumin and Octreotide and midodrine were increased.
He was also given intravenous fluids and bicarb per the renal team.
His hypotension improved with fluid repletion and his Swan Ganz catheter was ultimately removed.
Despite improvement in hemodynamics, his renal function remained poor and the patient required further invasive monitoring.
The patient and his family decided upon a  DNR/DNI status and comfort measures only on the 5th.
The patient was transferred to the floor at 3:00 a.m. on the 6th and was given morphine intravenous for comfort.
He was seen by case management and physical therapy and home hospice was arranged.
He is discharged home on the 7th with home hospice with morphine elixir as needed for pain and Compazine as needed for nausea and vomiting.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  MSIR 5 to 20 q 2 prn and Compazine 5 to 10 q.i.d.
