The patient was subsequently referred for coronary artery bypass graft.
An intra-aortic balloon pump was placed successfully at that time.
Digoxin 0.25 mg p.o.
Captopril 25 mg p.o.
Multivitamin one tablet p.o.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was taken for urgent revascularization on [**2140-12-23**]; at which time he underwent coronary artery bypass grafting times four with the left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending artery, saphenous vein graft to the distal right coronary artery, saphenous vein graft to the second obtuse marginal, and saphenous vein graft to the diagonal branch.
Total cardiopulmonary bypass time was 85 minutes, total cross-clamp time was 53 minutes.
The patient was transferred in a normal sinus rhythm in stable condition to the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit on milrinone 0.5 mcg/kg per minute.
On postoperative day one, the patient still with an intra-aortic balloon pump (1:1), afebrile, vital signs were stable (aside from the patient being tachycardic at 110).
Still on milrinone at 0.25, and nitroglycerin at 0.75, and propofol at 20.
The plan for the patient was to wean the intra-aortic balloon pump and to try to discontinue it and to try to wean the milrinone, to keep the patient sedated until the intra-aortic balloon pump is out, and then to start alcohol prophylaxis tomorrow.
The patient was placed on an alcohol drip and continued to be sedated on propofol with a heart rate of 101 to 104, and hematocrit was 26.6.
On postoperative day two, the patient was still on milrinone at 0.125, nitroglycerin at 0.25, alcohol drip at 10, and an insulin drip at 2.
The plan was to continue the alcohol drip and to wean the patient, to extubate, and to administer Lasix 40 mg b.i.d.
The patient's alcohol drip was increased to 15 cc due to the patient's increased restlessness.
The patient was administered Versed 0.5 mg times two with good effect, at which time the patient was reoriented to place and time.
The patient's intra-aortic balloon pump was discontinued two days ago.
The patient with a Swan-Ganz catheter and following commands.
Still on an alcohol drip at 15 cc.
The patient was administered 10 mg of intravenous of Lopressor when he went into atrial fibrillation.
At that time, he was also loaded with 150 mg of amiodarone and started on a drip.
He was administered more intravenous Lopressor as well as amiodarone for continued atrial flutter and atrial fibrillation with no effect.
The nitroglycerin was turned off.
The patient was extubated and weaned off the milrinone.
Nitroglycerin was eventually turned off.
Captopril as well as vancomycin were added to the patient's daily regimen.
The patient was still being A-paced at 92.
The patient was still on an alcohol drip at 15.
Oxygen saturations were greater than 95% on 4 liters nasal cannula and just under 90% on room air.
The patient's alcohol drip was stopped and Diamox was started.
Captopril was increased and Lopressor was changed to oral.
Lasix was also increased over the last 24 hours.
On postoperative day six, the patient underwent a bedside swallow evaluation; at which time they stated that the patient had no overt symptoms of aspiration at the bedside, and swallowing appeared normal at that time with thin liquids and regular solids.
Lopressor 25 mg p.o.
Potassium chloride 20 mEq p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Zantac 150 mg p.o.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
Captopril 12.5 mg p.o.
Thiamine 100 mg p.o.
Folic acid 1 mg p.o.
Multivitamin one tablet p.o.
Ascorbic acid 500 mg p.o.
Levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.
Ibuprofen 400 mg p.o.
Tylenol 650 mg p.o.
Status post coronary artery bypass graft times four.
