The skin graft as well taken and patient continued to improve.
narcotics in order to associate this need, patient was also given narcotics analgesia for pain.
Patient continued to improve and dangling protocol was instituted at which time, patient was allowed to dangle the leg, nonweightbearing, and have it off the side of the bed for five minutes at a time.
Dangling was instituted with a compressive dressing surrounding the latissimus flap as well as the lower extremity.
MAJOR SURGICAL PROCEDURES:  Open reduction external fixation, irrigation and debridement x2, status post VAC assisted closure, status post rod placement left leg, status post latissimus flap to left leg, status post split thickness skin graft to left leg for a diagnosis of right open tib-fib fracture status post motor vehicle crash with motorcycle accident.
Treatment and frequency was pin site irrigation on the left leg b.i.d.
with hydrogen peroxide, normal saline dressing change with Xeroform to split thickness skin graft to left lower extremity, JP drain care, milk drain and empty drains, and record the output daily and a dangling protocol was instituted in which the patient was able to dangle left leg from bed 3x a day for 15 minutes each day and in one week that was increased to 20 minutes 3x a day, and this incremental increase occurred by five minutes each week.
The dressing was instituted with an Ace wrap and flap checks should be performed after dangling protocol.
Patient was advised not to weightbear and strictly advised not to smoke any cigarettes as nicotine could be damaging to his healing structures especially considering that he had free muscle transfer with single vascular pedicle, and that nicotine could act as a vasoconstrictor.
This was strictly explained to the patient, however, there was question about compliance issues with the patient as far as ambulatory status and ability to refrain from his smoking habits.
Once again, he was given strict bed rest with leg elevation except for dangling protocol as specified above.
