At the outside hospital, the patient received 3 sublingual Nitroglycerin, as well as aspirin, without relief of pain.
The patient was then given Nitroglycerin drip, as well as started on heparin drip.
The patient was also started on lidocaine at the outside hospital.
The patient developed bradycardia during catheterization and hypotension which responded to dopamine which was started, as well as IV fluids and atropine.
Dopamine and lidocaine were discontinued in the catheterization lab.
MEDICATIONS AT HOME:  None.
CONCISE SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE:  This 35-year-old female, a smoker, brought in from an outside hospital with substernal chest pain, as well as inferior lead ST elevation, status post coronary catheterization at [**Hospital1 18**] with stent placement.
The patient transferred to coronary care unit after coronary catheterization for further monitoring.
1) CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE:  Patient with inferior myocardial infarction status post right coronary artery stent.
The patient was started on aspirin, Plavix, Lipitor 20 qd, as well as Integrilin for 18 hours.
The patient was started on low dose beta blocker which was titrated up the day after admission.
The patient's ECG normalized; however, she did develop inferior Q waves by the day after her myocardial infarction.
2) HEMODYNAMICS:  The patient arrived from the catheterization lab on Neo-Synephrine which was titrated off overnight.
The patient's blood pressure tolerated this well, did not require pressors, and also tolerated the beta blocker well.
5) FLUID, ELECTROLYTES AND NUTRITION:  The patient maintained on a cardiac diet throughout her hospital stay which she tolerated well.
6) PROPHYLAXIS:  The patient was on Integrilin initially and then ambulated well.
The patient also on a bowel regimen as needed.
8) ACCESS:  The patient initially with a Swan-Ganz catheter that was placed in the catheterization lab which was discontinued.
Aspirin 325 mg qd.
Plavix 75 mg qd.
Lipitor 20 mg qd.
Toprol XL 50 mg qd.
