An accompanying friend provided sublingual nitroglycerin with resolution of the pain.
Wellbutrin 150 mg q.d.
Digoxin 125 mg q.d.
Of note, patient was transferred from [**Hospital3 4298**] on a nitro drip and Heparin drip.
SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was felt to have symptoms consistent with unstable angina; thus the Heparin and nitroglycerin drips were continued.
The patient was placed on aspirin, beta blocker, and statin and was planned to go to cardiac catheterization the morning following admission.
After initial stenting of the LAD there was plaque shift to the ostium of the left circumflex; subsequent placing of a  stent in the left circumflex revealed good flow through both arteries.
In light of the patient's elevated creatinine on admission the patient received peri cath hydration and Mucomyst in attempt to further prevent rises in serum creatinine.
The patient was noted to be somewhat tremulous with disorientation, at which time he received 2 mg of Ativan for concerns of alcohol withdrawal.
He was placed on nitro drip for his hypertension.
The patient was immediately evaluated by the Cardiac Care Unit team, and despite aggressive diuresis and increased afterload reduction with nitroglycerin and Hydralazine, the patient continued to have rising PCO2s.
Anesthesia was then called and the patient was intubated at the bedside and transferred to the CCU.
While in the CCU the patient was maintained on an Ativan drip given the presumptive diagnosis of delirium tremens given his history of alcohol abuse and presentation of altered mental status.
His Ativan drip was gradually weaned off following the course of his CCU stay, and upon transfer out to the floor the patient was without evidence of further withdrawal symptoms or signs.
The patient was unable to tolerate an ACE inhibitor due to this rise in his serum creatinine.
All meds that were given were renally dosed.
The patient received two units of blood with appropriate increase in his hematocrit, which remained stable throughout the remainder of his hospitalization.
After weaning his Ativan drip as described above and sufficient diuresis, the patient was extubated with follow up chest x- rays revealing a potential aspiration pneumonia.
However, given radiographic demonstration of potential aspiration and the patient's history of intubation, he was given ceftriaxone and Flagyl for this potential aspiration pneumonia.
Initially vancomycin was administered given the concern for a gram positive bacteremia.
The patient was demonstrated to have evidence of aspiration of thin liquid, and aspiration precautions were requested.
The patient was administered no thin liquids and placed on diet of soft solids and purees.
Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy were asked to see the patient on the Telemetry floor to assist in rehabilitation and accurately assess the patient's needs for placement.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Plavix 75 mg p.o.
Multivitamins one cap p.o.
Folic acid 1 mg p.o.
Thiamine 100 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Albuterol ipratropium MDI one to two puffs inhaled q.
Metoprolol 50 mg p.o.
Atorvastatin 80 mg p.o.
Pantoprazole 40 mg p.o.
Amlodipine 5 mg p.o.
Metronidazole 500 mg p.o.
Cefpodoxime 200 mg p.o.
Tylenol 625 mg p.o.
