He was maintained on a trach mask over his trach collar and demonstrated good oxygen saturations with a gradual wean in his FIO2.
He was maintained on his nebulizer treatments.
The patient's Solu-Medrol was switched to Prednisone 40 mg po q day and it is anticipated that the patient will undergo a two week taper of oral steroids.
He received a three day course of intravenous Vancomycin, but given subsequent blood cultures were negative the coag negative staph and two out of four blood culture bottles was considered to be likely contaminate.
Once the patient's Vancomycin was stopped the patient's fever curved decreased and he was afebrile for four days prior to discharge.
Given that the patient was afebrile off antibiotics and showed no signs of symptoms of infection no antibiotics were started and the patient was monitored throughout the rest of his hospital course.
.cardiovascular:  The patient was noted to be hypertensive in the MICU and had his antihypertensive regimen changed to Captopril 25 mg t.i.d.
He was noted to have somewhat low blood pressures in the 90s to low 100s/50s and his Captopril dose was cut in half.
Gastrointestinal:  The patient was maintained on his proton pump inhibitor throughout his hospital stay.
the patient was therefore started on a thin liquid pureed solid diet in addition to his tube feeds.
It is hoped that the patient's diet will be gradually increased to regular food though it is likely that the patient's tube feeds will be required for some time.
DISCHARGE STATUS:  The patient is discharged to a pulmonary rehabilitation center where he will continue all medications as listed.
Quadriplegia status post C spine fracture.
Albuterol one to two puffs q 4 hours prn.
Lansoprazole 30 mg po q day.
Captopril 12.5 mg po t.i.d.
Polyvinyl alcohol 1.4% one to two drops prn.
Colace 150 mg per 15 milliliters 10 ml b.i.d.
Lorazepam 0.5 mg and 0.25 to one tablet po q 4 to 6 hours prn anxiety.
Ipratropium 18 micrograms two puffs q.i.d.
Fluticasone 110 micrograms two puffs b.i.d.
Heparin 5000 units subq q 8 hours.
Acetaminophen 325 one to two tablets q 4 to 6 hours prn.
Morphine sulfate 1 to 5 mg intravenously or IM q one hours prn.
Prednisone 20 mg po q day times four days, then 10 mg po q day times four days, then 5 mg po q day times three days.
