This is a 31-year-old gentleman with longstanding history of Crohn's disease since age 12 years, status post ileo resection and ileocolic anastomosis.
The patient was recently admitted in [**2179-12-16**] for a Crohn's flare and has been on the steroid taper since his discharge.
One week prior to admission, his prednisone was decreased from 20 mg to 10 mg, and on the day prior to admission, the patient developed mild discomfort in his abdomen then extreme pain with nausea and vomiting today.
Of note, the patient was given morphine in the ED for pain control and developed urinary retention.
The patient has had immunosuppression with 6-MP and has also been recently on the steroid taper.
Ileal resection with ileocolic anastomosis and small bowel stricture.
Prednisone 10 mg q.d.
Protonix 40 mg q.d.
Methenamine 250 mg four capsules q.i.d.
Entocort 9 mg p.o.
Again that night, the patient was started on vancomycin for possible skin infection and doxycycline for question of tick borne diseases.
on Cipro and Flagyl for a possible Crohn's flare, on acyclovir for possible seminated zoster, and on amphotericin for a possible histo.
Platelets declined to 23, haptoglobin was less than 20, and fibrinogen was 94.
After intubation, the patient became hypotensive and received aggressive fluid resuscitation with 12 liters fluid, initially normal saline, and subsequently lactate ringers.
The patient subsequently became difficult to oxygenate, and ventilator settings were adjusted to maintain pao2 in 70s to 80s.
The patient was proned to assist with improvements on oxygenation and this initially helped.
Regarding the patient's liver failure, LFTS continued to rise, chlorides continued to rise, and renal failure worsened.
However, given repeated fevers, the patient was also started on cefepime and on vancomycin.
There was some thought about initiating CVVH, and ultimately a catheter was placed by the renal team.
His hypotension, however, improved with the patient remained pressor dependent.
The patient was started on low-dose heparin.
Again at this time, the patient remains intubated on four pressors with increasing difficulty oxygenating.
The patient is on the ventilator with Argonaut protocol in the setting of pneumomediastinum, and there was concern for pneumothorax.
At this point, it was thought to put him prophylactic chest tubes in the setting of the patient was to develop a pneumothorax.
The patient is currently on three pressors, and blood pressure was responsive to volume resuscitation as well as bicarbonate, but there is lot significant concern for volume overload and pulmonary edema.
The patient has evidence of venous obstruction and was started on anticoagulation.
The patient was transfused cryo; some thought about starting heparin versus Argatroban.
However, heparin was initiated until this issue was sorted out.
Regarding his renal issues, acidosis continued to worsen, electrolyte abnormalities persisted despite aggressive correction and acute renal failure worsened.
Catheter was placed with CVVH the day before, and the patient was initiated on CVVH to assist with volume overload.
Later that afternoon, the patient became progressively hypoxic despite aggressive efforts to improve oxygenation.
The patient was given 1 mg of epinephrine and then atropine.
Volume resuscitation was begun without improvement in heart rate or bp.
NAPS continued to decline despite all medical efforts.
Hypotension requiring multiple pressor support.
