His history of present illness dates back to [**Month (only) 1096**] when he had an upper respiratory tract infection times several day with nasal congestion and sore throat.
A CT, which showed bronchial wall and septal line thickening, increased pulmonary vasculature, ground glass opacification and bilateral pleural effusions read as consistent with congestive heart failure versus sarcoid.
He was transferred to the Emergency Department and treated for acute pulmonary edema with intravenous Lasix, nitroglycerin drip and sublingual Captopril.
His hypertension persisted despite treatment with the nitroglycerin drip on the floor and he was subsequently transferred to the Coronary Care Unit for further management.
ALLERGIES:  Amoxicillin causes diffuse rash.
2+ distal pulses.
Arterial line was placed for more accurate blood pressure monitoring.
He was continued on his nitroglycerin drip and Captopril was added both for hypertensive control as well as for after load reduction in the setting of his severe cardiomyopathy.
He was also noted to be an extremely anxious man and he was started on Ativan.
A Nipride drip was also added later for better blood pressure control.
His blood pressure improved on these medications and he was eventually able to be weaned off of his nitroglycerin and Nipride drips.
He was started on Diltiazem po after weaning of his drips.
A beta blocker was deferred due to his workup for hypertension, which included urine studies for metanephrines and VMA, aldosterone level, renal ultrasound and renal angiography.
Therefore further workup would be needed.
Therefore a repeat 24 hour urine for catecholamines including dopamine, epinephrine and norepinephrine as well as metanephrines was resent with patient to follow up with endocrine as an outpatient.
They recommended that he not be started on a beta blocker until his pheochromocytoma workup was complete due to the fact that the beta blocker would interfere with test results.
A right heart catheterization was also performed with right atrial pressure of 5, pulmonary artery pressure 27/14, pulmonary wedge pressure of 12, cardiac output 4.6, cardiac index 4.5, SVR 1235, PA saturation of 70%.
The patient's cardiomyopathy was managed with Captopril for after load reduction as well as aggressive hypertensive management as above.
Beta blocker was deferred until pheochromocytoma workup completed as above.
Given his severe global hypokinesis including apical hypokinesis he was started on a heparin drip and Coumadin for anticoagulation.
He was also started on standing Ativan as it was felt that his anxiety was contributing to his hypertension.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Diltiazem 90 mg po four times a day.
Zestril 40 mg po once a day.
Lovenox 80 mg subQ b.i.d.
Coumadin 5 mg po once a day, Lipitor 10 mg po once a day.
