She was not noted to have any fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea or constipation, rhinorrhea or sore throat prior to admission.
Patient was placed on BiPAP with minimal improvement in her gas.
She also received Solu-Medrol and nebulizers in the Emergency Department for a question of a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flare.
Dopamine was changed to Neo with improvement of the patient's rate and pressure.
She received Ceftriaxone and Flagyl and 1400 cc of intravenous fluid and sent to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for further evaluation.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg po q.d.
Lisinopril 40 mg po q.d.
Tolazamide 250 mg po q.d.
Naprosyn 500 mg po b.i.d.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat: Pinpoint pupils, but received morphine in the Emergency Department.
Patient was started on levofloxacin, Flagyl and vancomycin.
She was also started on Combivent nebulizers and Solu-Medrol for question of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation given the patient's wheezing on physical examination.
As there appeared to be no indication of flora, the patient was be treated for 14 days with levofloxacin and Flagyl for a probable aspiration pneumonia.
Patient was attempted several times to be weaned to pressure support from AC ventilation, however, she did tolerate this and she became very agitated and desynchronous with the ventilator.
At this point, the patient's steroids were discontinued and in house, the following day, the patient was brought to the OR by Interventional Pulmonary for stenting of her distal trachea and left mainstem were performed.
The plan was then to remove the stents and to perform a tracheostomy,  to wean her off her AC and ventilatory support.
The vancomycin was restarted and awaiting final respiratory cultures.
She remained on this for approximately two hospital day and then was able to wean off her pressures altogether.
Patient remained off her blood pressure medications with minor fluctuations in her blood pressure.
On hospital day 12, the patient received 20 of Lasix intravenously and dropped her pressures to the 70s.
She was restarted on vasopressin which provided only some improvement in her blood pressure.
On hospital day 14, the patient was started on dopamine with the hope of improving her profusion to her kidneys in hope of auto-diuresis.
Patient was treated with intravenous fluids in the Emergency Department.
Infectious Disease:  Patient was started on antibiotics for her pneumonia as listed in the pulmonary section.
She will be changed from Levaquin to vancomycin and ceftazidime for a presumed sinusitis until the CT scan results have returned.
Nutrition:  Patient was started on tube feeds upon admission.
Patient tolerated these well through her nasogastric or OT tube.
Due to patient's inability to wean off the ventilator, the option of percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy was discussed with the patient's family.
The agreed that percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy was wanted should the patient still have some chance of recovery.
Gastrointestinal came to evaluate the percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy and once the patient is off pressors, they will perform this procedure.
>.....<pressors with diuresis may be wanted.
Prophylaxis:  The patient will remain on H2 blocker due to lack of intravenous PPI availability.
Pneumoboots and heparin subcutaneously.
Endocrine:  Patient was maintained on an insulin drip, taken off her oral hypoglycemic.
Increase fingersticks as well once the patient is off pressors and is doing better, she will be returned to insulin or oral hypoglycemics.
