HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for aggressive hydration.
The patient down to 30s and Atropine was given.
The patient was intubated for airway protection and began aggressive hydration and Lasix diuresis to push calcium down.
Central line and arterial lines were placed at that time.
The patient remained somewhat hypotensive in the unit with heartrates in the bradycardiac range of 30s to 50s.
The patient was worked up for DIC with a fibrinogen level of 247, D-dimer less than 500, also CKs were negative and troponin I were negative.
The patient was then started on antibiotics for what was presumed to be pneumonia.
The patient was started on Levofloxacin, Vancomycin and Flagyl for a ten day course of Levofloxacin and seven day course of Vancomycin and a seven day course of Flagyl.
The patient also had a bronchoscopy for finding organisms which was negative.
The patient remained intubated in the Newborn Intensive Care Unit due to what they thought was pneumonia or sepsis like syndrome and hypertension and decreased respirations.
The patient was being transferred to the Medicine Service for further evaluation of her psychological issues which she developed while she was in the Intensive Care Unit, monitoring of her calcium and thyroid status and correction of hypernatremia with continuing monitoring of her blood pressure which had been stabilized.
The patient is being followed by Psychiatry, Endocrine and Physical therapy at that time.
Because she was found to be sating fairly well on 94% on 2 liters by nasal cannula, it was planned to decrease her oxygen as tolerated.
Her pneumonia had resolved and no treatment was needed at that time.
Her blood pressure was stable and she came to the floor and her previous hypotensive state was attributed to hypothyroidism, but she was now being treated with Synthroid.
On [**2136-8-17**], it was noted on examination that she had some proximal weakness of her right upper extremity with 2/5 strength in the right upper extremity, abduction.
In subsequent days it appeared to resolved with increasing strength.
Because of her relative hypernatremia, her expected urine osmolality should have been slightly higher.
Her oxygen saturation decreased and she was placed on 100% nonrebreather after which her oxygen saturation recovered into the mid 90s.
The patient had a Foley catheter and the patient was afebrile at the time.
The patient was loaded with 1000 mg of Phenytoin intravenously.
Upon neurological consult we discontinued any other Phenytoin treatment and she has not had any recurrence of her seizures.
Synthroid 150 mcg by mouth once a day 2.
Colace 100 mg by mouth twice a day 3.
Multivitamin one tablet by mouth once a day 4.
Nystatin Swish and Swallow 5 cc four times a day 5.
Nystatin Powder apply to affected areas twice a day 6.
DDAVP 10 mcg per spray, one spray to one nostril twice a day 7.
Sepsis-like syndrome which needed some intubation 2.
Hypercalcemia which eventually was treated successfully which resulted in hypocalcemia which was then treated and calcium levels eucalcemic on discharge.
The patient will continue on DDAVP for increased serum sodium 6.
Depression/bipolar disorder, the patient will be followed by Psychiatry as an outpatient as well as given psyche medications 7.
New onset seizures which were initially treated with intravenous-loaded Dilantin, however, did not occur after the patient was stopped on that medication 9.
