At that time he denied atypical pain, fever, cough, dyspnea, headache, dizziness, weakenss, rash, diarrhea, constipation or dysuria.
He was given 3L IVF, insulin bolus and started on insulin gtt.
He was diagnosed with hyperglycemia, ?DKA and started on 3L IVF, KCl and insulin gtt.
He states that he has been compliant with his medications (although shortly after he told RN that he has not been taking medications).
Past Medical History: - type I DM: c/b gastroparesis, history of DKA, neuropathy and retinopathy - chronic pain: epigastric and retrosternal, recent negative ETT, dependent on narcotics - depression - s/p laparoscopic cholecystectomy - hypertension - s/p myocardial infection - "kidney trouble"  Social History: He patient lives with mother and son.
DIABETIC KETOACIDOSIS, TYPE I DIABETES UNCONTROLLED WITH COMPLICATIONS: admitted to ICU and started on an insulin drip.
He was seen by [**Last Name (un) **] consult and insulin was transitioned to sc and adjusted.
He was discharged home on an increased dose of insulin and adjustments to his sliding scale, and will f/u with his endocrinologist.
ALTERED MENTAL STATUS: secondary to DKA, improved with treatment above.
Given his high blood sugars he may have had a HONC picture as well.
OTITIS MEDIA: started on amoxicillin for a 7 day course.
Medications on Admission:  per OSH records - metoprolol 100mg PO daily - lisinopril 20mg PO daily - MS contin 65mg PO TID prn - demerol 100mg PO Q4H - insulin lantus 15u SC qAM, 12u SC qHS - insulin humalog sliding scale - nitroglycerin prn - omeprazole 20mg PO daily - Zetia 10mg PO QHS - ondansetron 4mg PO daily prn - Celexa 60mg PO daily - Levoxyl 50mcg PO daily - Thorazine 50mg PO BID  Discharge Medications: 1.
Toprol XL 100 mg Tablet Extended Release 24 hr Sig: One (1) Tablet Extended Release 24 hr PO once a day.
2. amoxicillin 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO twice a day for 6 days.
Disp:*12 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 3. lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day.
4. morphine 30 mg Tablet Extended Release Sig: Two (2) Tablet Extended Release PO Q8H (every 8 hours).
Demerol 100 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO four times a day as needed for pain.
6. nitroglycerin 0.4 mg Tablet, Sublingual Sig: One (1) tablet Sublingual once a day as needed for chest pain.
7. omeprazole 20 mg Capsule, Delayed Release(E.C.)
8. ezetimibe 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
9. citalopram 20 mg Tablet Sig: Three (3) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
10. levothyroxine 50 mcg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
11. chlorpromazine 25 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day).
12. insulin glargine 100 unit/mL Solution Sig: as directed units Subcutaneous twice a day: 20 units before breakfast, 12 units at bedtime.
Humalog 100 unit/mL Solution Sig: per sliding scale units Subcutaneous before meals and at bedtime: please follow the sliding scale provided to you.
You were treated with an insulin drip in the ICU and your insulin regimen was adjusted.
Please take your medications as prescribed and make your follow up appointments.
Please use your new sliding scale and insulin doses that were provided to you.
