She has had multiple recent hospitalizations over the past month for lower GI bleed requiring transfusions refusing colonoscopy on most recent admission, CHF complicated by bilateral pleural effusions that responded to HD.
Had been doing relatively well although was more somnolent recently that family thought due to overmedication with oxycodone and lorazepam that was being dosed standing for decub dressing changes and anxiety.
Has chronically required supplemental O2 for the past month, but no recent change and no new productive cough.
Norepinephrine gtt started with improvement to BP 105/30.
WBC 12.3k without left shift, lactate 1.5, CK 107, TnT at baseline 0.21, U/A grossly positive and foley with purulent urine.
Blood cultures sent and given Vancomycin and Zosyn.
Plavix had to be stopped due to rectus sheath hematoma.
ESRD on HD M/W/F 7.
Lower GI Bleed--unable to tolerate colonoscopy prep as inpatient, plan for outpatient procedure 9.
Stage IV Decubitus ulcer, 2 ischial ulcers and heel ulcer.
Colon cancer s/p resection 12. h.o.
CLOSTRIDIUM DIFFICILE.
During this admission a decision was made to focus on comfort measures after medical therapy provided no clear improvement and she passed away peacefully on [**2146-2-12**].
She was treated with Flagyl IV and Vancomycin PO only given no evidence of bacteremia or culture from her wounds.
She was maintained on levophed as needed for blood pressure maintenance.
This resolved on its own with arousal.
Acute on Chronic renal failure: The patient was briefly on CVVH but stopped by the family when made CMO.
Stage IV Decubitus Ulcer: Wound Care & Plastic Surgery were consulted and followed.
Depression: The patient was continued on remeron and celexa.
Citalopram 20 mg PO DAILY 2.
Simvastatin 40 mg PO DAILY 3.
Mirtazapine 7.5 mg PO HS 4.
Oxycodone 5 mg PO Q6H as needed.
Metoprolol Tartrate 25 mg PO TID 6.
Albuterol Sulfate Nebulization Q6H as needed.
Lorazepam 0.5 mg PO BID as needed.
Omeprazole 20 mg PO DAILY 9.
Sevelamer HCl 800 mg PO TID W/MEALS 10.
B Complex-Vitamin C-Folic Acid 1 mg PO DAILY.
Docusate Sodium 100 mg PO BID.
Bisacodyl 10 mg PO DAILY as needed for constipation.
Senna 8.6 mg PO BID as needed.
Heparin 5,000 unit/mL TID.
Lisinopril 5 mg PO DAILY 16.
Glargine 10 units qhs and humalog insulin per scale subcutaneous four times a day.
