Got 100mg labetalol and was started on Q8H meropenem and given IVF.
Equivocal partial splenic vein thrombosis at portal confluence.
Brief Hospital Course: # Acute pancreatitis: Pt had acute onset abdominal pain, N/V with elevated lipase and OSH CT with pancreatic inflammation, tissue stranding, no fluid collections.
At OSH, he was also given dilaudid for pain control after he tried morphine to little relief.
He was started on IV NS and given meropenem x 1 at OSH.
He was not felt to have necrotizing disease, so meropenem was not indicated.
He was continued on dilaudid dilaudid 0.5-2mg Q4H:PRN pain.
He was placed on a foley catheter with strict Is and Os.
He got 3L NS 500ml/hr and 2L LR at 250ml/hr in the first 12 hours.
After he received these fluids, his abdomen became very distended, which was thought to be most likely secondary to third spacing in the setting of his pancreatitis.
His was placed on maintenance fluids 150ml/hr NS.
His foley was d/c'd at this time and strict Is and Os were followed.
He was tx with fluids and symptomatically.
His pain is now controled with morphine Q3H, although he is not having so much abdominal pain as he is having lower back pain that is likely secondary to his chronic low back pain that he has had since prior to his hospitalization.
His captopril was increased from 12.5mg to 37.5mg for better blood pressure control.
Later in the evening this HCT trendeded down to 31 which was concerning for acute bleed including retroperitoneal and he was given 1unit of PRBCs.
Discriminant function is 12, so no steroids indicated at this time.
His skin looks tan which could be due to sun exposure and jaundice, however given symptoms we checked iron studies and serum ferritin.
The iron was low and ferritin was elevated which in the setting of acute illness, makes difficult to interpreter results.
He was started on vanc/cefepime for concern for hospital-acquired PNA given his decreasing O2 sats.
His hypoxia is more likely secondary to his apparent third spacing/ascites and contributing pulmonary edema, although retrocardic opacity was seen on CXR last night.
His vanc/cefepime was discontinued and he was placed on telemetry.
He was place on insulin sliding scale for FS > 200 until his hyperglycemia resolved.
In the ICU his BP was as high as 190s/110s he was given labetolol and started on atenolol 25mg.
His BP remained elevated and the atenolol dose was increased to 50mg.
He was also started on captopril 12.5mg TID.
It was increased to captopril 37.5mg TID by time of discharge.
Discharge Medications: 1. morphine 15 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO every 4-6 hours as needed for pain for 4 days.
Disp:*15 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 2. lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day.
Disp:*30 Tablet(s)* Refills:*2* 3. senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day) as needed for constipation.
4. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day).
5. pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
You came here and immediately received a lot of fluids and pain medication and were watched for the improvement of your symptoms.
You also had a high blood sugar that we thought was because of your pancreatitis.
Once you were stable, you came back to the regular inpatient floor and were able to be off the fluids and were able to recover the rest of the way.
You were noted to have high blood pressures during your admission.
Please note the following changes to your medications: -- START lisinopril 20 mg daily (for high blood pressure) -- START pantoprazole 40 mg twice a day (a medicine that protects your stomach from further bleeding) -- START a multivitamin daily .
You spoke with the in-house social worker about programs and resources to help you reduce your drinking.
