He was uncertain of facial weakness during these episodes.
-h/o colon cancer, s/p right hemicolectomy  Social History: The pt is a retired food scientist.
Following gadolinium, enhancement is seen at the anterior portion of the hemorrhage.
CT EXAMINATION OF THE CHEST, ABDOMEN AND PELVIS WITH AND WITHOUT THE ADMINISTRATION OF INTRAVENOUS CONTRAST, AND WITH ORAL CONTRAST:  INDICATION: 69-year-old male with right parietal lobe bleed.
Following, contiguous 5 mm axial images were obtained from the lung apex through the abdomen with the administration of intravenous contrast bolus, as well as three-minute delayed imaging through the abdomen and pelvis.
Findings in the lungs compatible with prior granulomatous disease.
The left lobe measures 1.9 x 1.7 x 4.0 cm.
He was initially admitted to ICU for BP management, but was called-out to floor on HD two after BP came down on labetalol gtt.
Therefore, metastatic work-up performed which included CT torso (normal except for thickened esophagus, enlarged prostate), thyroid scan (normal).
This subsequently rose to 1.4-1.5 range despite aggressive IV hydration and good p.o.
He was originally admitted to ICU for BP control with labetalol gtt.
He required titration of metoprolol and lisinopril for persistently elevated BP into the 160s.
He was maintained on glyburide and a sliding scale of regular insulin.
Metformin was held due to low creatinine clearance.
Medications on Admission: -lisinopril 10mg po daily -metformin 500mg po bid -glyburide 20mg po daily -lovastatin 20mg po daily   Discharge Medications: 1.
Lovastatin 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QD ().
Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
Tamsulosin 0.4 mg Capsule, Sust.
Glyburide 5 mg Tablet Sig: Four (4) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Metoprolol Tartrate 50 mg Tablet Sig: 1.5 Tablets PO TID (3 times a day).
Lisinopril 20 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Insulin Regular Human  Subcutaneous   Discharge Disposition: Home  Discharge Diagnosis: GI Bleed Diabetes Mellitus Parietal hemorrhage   Discharge Condition: Good   Discharge Instructions: Please call your primary care physician or return to the hospital if you experience chest pain, shortness of breath, numbness or weakness, blood in your stools or black stools.
