He has had increasing lower extremity swelling over the past week for which he had been taking Ibuprofen for pain.
At [**Hospital3 **] he received fresh frozen platelets, vitamin K, 1 unit of packed red blood cells and Versed for the esophagogastroduodenoscopy.
Monopril 5 mg po q.d.
Magnesium oxide 200 mg po q.d.
Nicotrol inhaler two to four puffs inhaled q.i.d.
Corgard 20 mg po q.d.
Aldactone 25 mg po b.i.d.
Protonix 40 mg po q.d.
Prednisone 10 mg po b.i.d.
The patient received an esophagogastroduodenoscopy on the morning after admission, which revealed esophageal and gastric varices with stigmata of recent bleeding.
The patient received another emergent esophagogastroduodenoscopy, which revealed some bleeding from the esophageal varices.
The patient had two large bore intravenous in place at all time and required 2 units of packed red blood cells while in the hospital for gastrointestinal bleeding, but no further blood products.
The decision to have a TIPS procedure was deferred as the patient was unstable hemodynamically and had severe encephalopathy.
The patient received Lactulose and Propanolol for liver failure and portal hypertension.
The patient also received thiamine and folate.
The patient had a mild coagulopathy with an INRs at 1.7 to 1.8 range, which were corrected somewhat by administration of vitamin K.  The patient required no further fresh frozen platelets while in the hospital.
Alcohol withdraw:  The patient was monitored closely for alcohol withdraw / DTs and was maintained on an Ativan drip and a CIWA scale while in the hospital.
The patient was evaluated by the neurology service, which suggested that the patient had a temporary Horner's syndrome due to hematoma at his right internal jugular central venous catheter site.
The degree of hepatic encephalopathy could not be assessed as the patient was intubated and sedated for much of his hospital course.
Respiratory:  The patient was semielectively intubated for his esophagogastroduodenoscopy procedure.
The patient could not be weaned off the ventilator due to the development of ARDS.
He continued to be hypoxic as lesser pressure support and PEEP settings were tried.
The patient was continued on MDI therapy for his asthma as well as steroids for suspected asthma.
The patient was initially on Ceftriaxone, Azithromycin and Flagyl.
However, this was changed to Vancomycin, Flagyl and Ceftriaxone by the end of the hospital course.
The patient was presumed to have subacute bacterial peritonitis and was treated with Ceftriaxone.
The patient was given multiple fluid boluses with no correction of his creatinine.
The patient was maintained NPO since the diagnosis of pancreatitis.
