PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for a coronary artery bypass graft and a bioprosthetic aortic valve.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Her medications included Coumadin which was stopped one week ago, Lasix and potassium.
The family made it clear very early on that the patient was very independent and had made it abundantly clear to the family that she never wanted any heroic measures done.
She never wanted to be put on a feeding tube or live in a nursing home.
Thus, in order to remove the nasogastric tube from the patient, the patient was sent to Interventional Radiology for placement of a percutaneous gastrojejunostomy tube.
Upon attempted placement of this gastrojejunostomy tube, there was an unfortunate complication and there was a perforation of the duodenum.
This perforation was recognized by the Interventional Radiology Team almost immediately and surgery was immediately consulted.
Her blood pressure was requiring multiple pressor supports including Levophed and Neo-Synephrine.
The patient required much volume resuscitation on the day of surgery and on postoperative day #1.
Her blood pressures mildly responded, however, still requiring blood pressure support.
On the evening of postoperative day #1, the patient underwent placement of pulmonary artery catheter which was complicated by pulmonary artery perforation and as blood was noted to well up in the endotracheal tube.
The patient required one unit of blood transfusion, however, did remarkably well for this complication, and was doing well on the ventilator on the morning of postoperative day #2.
She was still requiring Levophed and Neo-Synephrine for blood pressure support and was still unresponsive and was still dependent on the ventilator.
They proceeded to explain to the primary surgical team that the patient had made it explicitly clear three years prior that she never wanted any of these kinds of measures done, she never wanted to have a breathing tube, she never wanted to have a feeding tube and she never wanted to be in a nursing home or in a rehabilitation facility.
The patient's family was in clear understanding of this scenario and adamantly wished to continue with withdrawal care as they thought that this would be the patient's wish.
