MEDICATIONS:  He was not on any medications on admission.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On admission, vital signs: Temperature 99.8 degrees, pulse 113, blood pressure 155/102, respiratory rate 18, and saturating 92 percent on nasal cannula.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the Blue Surgery Service and was started on antibiotics including levofloxacin, Flagyl, and ampicillin.
He was started on aggressive fluid resuscitation; a Foley was placed and an NG tube.
He underwent an exploratory laparotomy on hospital day number one and tolerated the procedure well.
His antibiotics were continued.
He was also started on TPN and this was around at a rate of 41.7 initially and he received fluid resuscitation with normal saline at 80 cc per hour.
The patient had a cholecystostomy tube placed, a J-tube placed to gravity.
He continued to receive Ativan p.r.n.
His TPN was continued as well.
Ativan continued to be used to sedate him appropriately.
The patient continued to be followed closely in the Intensive Care Unit with an Ativan drip to control agitation.
On postoperative day number seven, he was started on tube feeds with half strength at 20 cc per hour.
Fluconazole was added to his antibiotic regimen and his lines were changed over wire due to his potential sepsis.
He was on the ventilator during this time.
Ativan was weaned on postoperative day number nine.
His broad-spectrum antibiotics were continued.
They recommended Zosyn IV q.8 h., discontinuing levofloxacin and Flagyl, continuing the fluconazole.
He was started on a beta-blocker.
He remained on his goal tube feeds per his J-tube.
The catheter tip was sent for culture, and the antibiotics were continued.
His bronchoscopy revealed yeast, and his catheter tip came back as showing gram-positive cocci.
His tube feeds were continued, and he was transferred from the SICU to CC6.
His agitation required a sitter occasionally.
On postoperative day number 16, his antibiotic regimen was completed.
On postoperative day number 19, he was screened for rehabilitation and he was doing well, and it was decided to discharge him when rehab was available.
He was continuing to receive tube feeds and biosalts.
Status post exploratory laparotomy.
Insertion of duodenostomy, cholecystostomy, gastrostomy, and jejunostomy tubes.
He will be receiving tube feeds specifically Peptamen and ursodiol t.i.d.
He was instructed to monitor his drain output closely and his JP output closely; and physical therapy was to be involved.
Lorazepam 2 mg p.o.
Albuterol inhaler q.4 h. p.r.n.
Ipratropium bromide inhaler q.
Metoprolol 100 mg p.o.
Thiamine 100 mg p.o.
Folic acid 1 mg p.o.
Ursodiol 300 mg p.o.
Protonix solution q.12 h. p.r.n.
