His blood pressure increased to a systolic blood pressure in the 100s with two liters of normal saline intravenously.
An insulin drip was started in the emergency room for the hyperglycemia.
Multiple urinary tract infections, including infection with methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, E. coli, and Enterococcus.
Gastrojejunostomy tube.
MEDICATIONS:  Zantac, aspirin, Colace, tube feeds at 100 cc/hour.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  VITAL SIGNS:  Temperature 100.0, heart rate 114, blood pressure 91/56, oxygen saturation 94% on two liters nasal cannula.
He had a nasogastric tube and suprapubic catheter.
Arterial blood gases on two liters nasal cannula showed pH 7.40, PCO2 37, PO2 67.
The urine was nitrite negative, ketone negative, with 14 red blood cells and six white blood cells, and moderate bacteria.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was transferred to the medical intensive care unit for management of his hypernatremia and hyperglycemia.
Once the blood pressure was stable, his intravenous fluid was changed to half normal saline, with an aim of decreasing his serum sodium at a rate of 0.5 mEq per liter per hour.
He was also started on free water boluses per his G-tube.
He was treated with an insulin drip in the MICU until his serum glucose dropped below 200.
At that time the insulin drip was discontinued and he was placed on sliding scale coverage with fingerstick glucose checks every four hours.
Since his insulin drip was discontinued he has not required any supplemental insulin.
He was started on vancomycin and ceftriaxone for coverage of his possible pneumonia and urinary tract infection.
His oxygenation improved with supplemental oxygen and he had copious white sputum production.
After two days of intravenous antibiotics, his antibiotic regimen was changed to oral levofloxacin.
intake and osmotic diuresis from the hyperglycemia.
The hypotension and acute renal insufficiency resolved with intravenous fluid administration.
Levofloxacin 500 mg per G-tube x six days (last dose on [**2183-8-27**]), water 250 cc per G-tube q. six hours.
Tube feeds via G-tube at 100 cc per hour.
Zantac 150 mg per G-tube q. day.
Proscar 5 mg per G-tube q. day.
Multivitamin per G-tube q. day.
Aspirin 81 mg per G-tube q. day.
Albuterol nebulizer q. six hours.
Serax 10 mg per G-tube q.h.s.
