The patient was to complete a two week course of levofloxacin and Flagyl to cover gram-negative and anaerobes for any intraabdominal process or aspiration pneumonia given the patient's prior CT findings of multilobar pneumonia.
Additionally, the patient was instructed to continue oxacillin for a total of eight weeks for her Staph bacteremia.
A drain was set in place.
The patient drained serosanguinous drainage from that drain site, which was removed one day prior to admission.
This was attributed to the fact that she was on sedative medications in addition to being bacteremic, both of which could have contributed to her delirious state.
Patient was maintained on a Duragesic patch, pain medications on a prn basis in order to prevent oversedation.
Nutrition:  The patient was maintained on nasogastric tube feeds throughout most of her hospital course, however, upon improvement in her mental status, the patient was able to take p.o.
Nasogastric tube was discontinued.
Patient was instructed to have her LFTs checked on a weekly basis while remaining on oxacillin and to followup with Hepatology for further management plan regarding her cirrhosis.
The patient was started on Lasix as well as aldactone and diuresed well with improvement in her lower extremity edema.
Heparin subQ for DVT prophylaxis.
Patient was fitted for a brace, and was able to get out of bed to chair with Physical Therapy assistance, and patient was able to ambulate short distances.
A CTA had been performed given the patient's ongoing hypoxemia as well as for positive D dimer during her hospitalization.
Due to her lower extremity edema, she was maintained on diuretics throughout the latter half of her hospital course while on the floor.
DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS:  The patient is instructed to followup with her PCP within one week of discharge to have her following blood work checked, CBC, LFTs, and chemistry profile.
The patient is instructed to followup with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 16443**] from Hepatology within 1-2 weeks of discharge for management of her hepatitis C cirrhosis.
Thiamine 100 mg p.o.
Folic acid 1 mg p.o.
Multivitamin one p.o.
Lactulose 30 cc p.o.
Fentanyl 25 mcg an hour patch transdermal every three days to be discontinued by her PCP within one week.
Aldactone 50 mg p.o.
Lasix 20 mg p.o.
Oxycodone 5 mg every 4-6 hours as needed for severe pain.
Oxacillin 2 grams IV q.4h.
