He was seen at an OSH ED twice and was told to take ibuprofen and maalox, and he states that he has been taking 2 tablets of motrin every 3 hours for the past 1 1/2 weeks.
Upon arrival to the OSH, he was hypotensive with a SBP 60s and tachycardic to 120-130s with a hct of 24 with an unknown baseline.
The patient was started on a PPI gtt and had an NGL that demonstrated coffee grounds that did not clear.
Uses albuterol MDI several times a day and has a nebulizer at home.
No history of intubations for asthma.
Special stain for H. pylori will be reported as addendum.
EGD:  Impression: Normal mucosa in the esophagus             Ulcer in the antrum (biopsy, thermal therapy)             Blood in the whole stomach             Erythema in the duodenal bulb compatible with duodenitis             Otherwise normal EGD to third part of the duodenum Recommendations:  follow-up biopsy results please continue PPI IV Bid, and please check H. pylori Antibodies status.
# Gastrointestinal bleed with acute blood loss anemia: The patient presented to ED with hematemesis and a nasogastric lavage produced coffee ground material.
The patient was started on a PPI drip and admitted to the MICU.
The EGD required intubation and showed a large antral ulcer with a clot formed on it.
Special stain for H. pylori was pending at time of discharge.
He was followed with serial hcts and remained stable for 24 hours prior to admission.
GI would like the patient to receive an additional EGD in 6 wks in the outpatient setting for futher biopsy.
He will be maintained on high dose pantoprazole 40 mg twice a day and see GI within 6 weeks.
Continued on albuterol MDI and nebs as needed during hospitalization.
Medications on Admission: Motrin prn Maalox prn Albuterol MDI prn   Discharge Medications: 1.
Albuterol Sulfate 90 mcg/Actuation HFA Aerosol Inhaler Sig: One (1) Puff Inhalation every four (4) hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing.
Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
You required blood transfusions to help maintain your blood levels.
You were started on medication to prevent the formation of acid in your stomach.
Your new medications include: Omeprazole 40 mg pills by mouth twice a day  You should contact your doctor or go directly to the Emergency Room if you experience severe dizziness, fainting, vomiting blood or defecating blood or any other symptom that is concerning to you.
