She was found to have an oxygen saturation of 70% on room air with nebulizers oxygen saturation increased to 94%.
The patient was tried on CPAP but was unable to tolerate it.
ALLERGIES: Penicillin and Sulfa which cause rashes.
Tylenol causes GI upset.
FAMILY HISTORY: Mother died of stroke and pneumonia.
Albuterol inhaler prn.
However in the setting of her acute exacerbation, she was started on Levofloxacin for a seven day course at 500 milligrams po q day.
Additionally she was placed on IV Solu-Medrol at 80 milligrams IV tid for initially two days.
On the third day of admission she was switched to po prednisone.
Two days prior to discharge and the day prior to discharge she was switched to nasal cannula and is tolerating this well.
She was initially switched to po steroids.
Consequently she was re-started back on her IV steroids.
She was again started on Solu-Medrol 80 milligrams IV tid.
She was switched back to po prednisone on the day prior to discharge.
She will need to be counseled for quitting smoking and will probably need a pneumovax in the near future and flu vaccine every year from now.
She was also given nebulizers, Albuterol and Atrovent and then switched to inhalers Albuterol, Atrovent, Serevent and Flovent.
However with her family's persuasion she agreed to do an MRI to rule out any masses.
She has been treated with Levofloxacin.
Additionally she has been started on Meclizine 25 milligrams po six hours prn.
However she usually remained less than 200 and she did not require any sliding scale coverage though she was written for it.
Prednisone taper 60 milligrams po q day for two days, 50 milligrams po q day for two days, 40 milligrams po q day for two days, 20 milligrams po q day for three days, 10 milligrams po q day for three days and then 5 milligrams po q day for two days.
Meclizine 25 milligrams po q six hours prn for dizziness.
Albuterol two puffs qid prn.
Protonix 40 milligrams po q day.
Colace 100 milligrams po qid.
Flovent 110 micrograms two puffs [**Hospital1 **].
