Aldactone 100 mg p.o.
Zofran 4 mg prn.
Furosemide 60 q.d.
Aciphex 20 q.d.
On hospital day #4, patient received another therapeutic paracentesis to improve his symptoms.
Patient was pancultured and started on levofloxacin and Ancef for antibiotics.
Patient was continued on levofloxacin and Ancef was stopped and Vancomycin was started.
The blood cultures revealed gram-positive cocci, and patient also received 2 units of packed red blood cells for hematocrit of 22.8, which caused his hematocrit to increase to 27.3.
Patient was continued on Vancomycin.
Patient continued on Vancomycin.
Patient also received a transesophageal echocardiogram to evaluate for endocarditis.
Vancomycin was stopped and oxacillin was started.
On hospital day #16, patient was activated on the list to receive a transplant liver.
Patient's pain was well controlled with pain medication, and continued supportive management of the ICU setting.
On postoperative day #1, patient was extubated, was kept NPO, and patient received 1 unit of packed red blood cells for low hematocrit.
On postoperative day #4, patient's hematocrit dropped to 21 from 26.6, and the hematocrit from the JP drain was elevated.
Patient was taken emergently to the OR for exploratory laparotomy and repair of bleeding part of the liver.
Nasogastric tube was removed, and was sent to the floor.
On postoperative day #5 and postoperative day #1, patient was continued on perioperative Unasyn.
On postoperative days #7 and 3 after receiving 4 units of packed red blood cells, 2 units of FFP, and one of cryoprecipitate, 3 platelets, patient's hematocrit stabilized at 31.3, however, patient had subsequent drop in hematocrit.
PT and OT to see the patient and received some diuretics, and patient's medications were all changed to p.o.
Patient's JP drain put out serous fluid.
Patient's medications were changed to p.o.
and Foley was removed.
Patient was started on aspirin to prophylactically treat as described plaque.
The medial drain was removed that day.
Methicillin-sensitive Staph aureus bacteremia status post liver transplant.
Status post exploratory laparotomy for bleeding x2.
Fluconazole 200 mg p.o.
MMF 500 mg p.o.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Prednisone 20 mg p.o.
Percocet 1-2 tablets p.o.
Valcyte 900 mg p.o.
Cyclosporin 125 mg p.o.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
