The patient has a known past medical history of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, hypertension, recent deep venous thrombosis and recurrent urinary tract infections.
HOME MEDICATIONS:  Coumadin 5 mg po q day with an INR goal of 2 to 2.5, Digoxin 0.125 mg po q day, Paxil 20 mg po q.d., Diltiazem XT 120 mg po q.d.
and Prinzide 10/12.5 mg po q.d.
Trauma investigation revealed left frontal small intraparenchymal hemorrhage, right parietal subarachnoid hemorrhage also small, bilateral large pulmonary contusions, tiny bilateral pneumothoraceses for which chest tubes were not inserted and a left clavicular fracture.
She was maintained on a Propofol drip and was loaded with Dilantin for her intraparenchymal and subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Chest x-ray revealed enlarging pneumothorax for which a chest tube was placed on the right side.
The patient also developed ventilator related pneumonia for which she was started on antibiotics.
The patient was also started on total parenteral nutrition to support her metabolic needs during this extended Intensive Care Unit stay.
Finally after a long ventilatory wean, the patient was extubated.
Pneumonia was improving and she was restarted on her Coumadin.
After several days the Coumadin was held due to increasing white count and the suspicion that the patient might have a calculus cholecystitis, however, after investigation of this proved not to be the case and she was again restarted on her Coumadin and prehospitalization medications.
By hospital day seventeen, the patient was afebrile with stable vital signs working well with physical therapy.
She will complete her antibiotic course, which will be three additional days of Levofloxacin and is in excellent condition to be discharged to rehab.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Heparin subQ 5000 units q 8 hours, Coumadin 2.5 mg po q day with a goal INR of 2 to 2.5, Levofloxacin 500 mg po q day for three days, Paxil 20 mg po q day, Tylenol #3 one to two q 4 to 6 hours prn for pain, Zantac 150 mg po b.i.d., Albuterol and Atrovent meter dose inhalers q 4 hours prn, insulin sliding scale and Boost nutritional supplements one can po t.i.d.
She was not restarted on her prehospitalization Digoxin, because our in house cardiology staff did not feel it was necessary and her primary care physician should reevaluate this as an outpatient.
Additionally, the patient was not restarted on her prehospitalization Diltiazem, because her blood pressures during her hospitalization were at normal levels and did not warrant an anti-hypertensive [**Doctor Last Name 360**], nor did her heart rate warrant rate control with a calcium channel blocker.
