CC: acute loss of consciousness  Major Surgical or Invasive Procedure: none   History of Present Illness: 22 yo female w/ bicuspid aortic valve c/b endocarditis x2 p/w acute LOC in setting of 3d N/V/D and fevers, no new CP or SOB, mild H/A.
Antibiotics for possible endocarditis were originally held then started in setting of hypotension.
She received gentamicin 50mg x1 and nafcillin 2g IV x1.
Coarctation of the aorta, s/p repair at age 7 2.
If clinically suggested, the absence of a vegetation by 2D echocardiography does not exclude endocarditis  Brief Hospital Course: 22yo F s/p childhood repair of coarctation of aorta, bicuspid aortic valve and h/o endocarditis p/w 3-d h/o fevers, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea, transient LOC and hypotension to 70s.
However in setting of recent vomiting and diarrhea, pt is likely dehydrated and her BP has responded appropriately to IV fluids.
Pt did have recent admission in [**Month (only) 359**] for possible endocarditis and was noted to have a mobile echodensity on TEE that was believed to be chronic and no antibiotics were started.
Patient improved clinically, diarrhea resolved and was taking fluids and eating by mouth.
Patient given salt tablets and told to mantain adequate hydration.
Pt seen by heme-onc who recommended radiographic surveillance.
She will f/u with heme-onc and CT sx as outpt w/ surveillance CTs.
She is also followed by heme/onc and CT surgery for question of mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
Sodium Chloride 1 gram Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day).
Ferrous Sulfate 325 (65) mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Discharge Disposition: Home  Discharge Diagnosis: Viral gastroenteritis   Discharge Condition: Good, stable, ambulating well, blood pressure stable   Discharge Instructions: You were admitted with nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea.
No antibiotics were needed to treat this condition.
Your symptoms resolved with IV fluids, other tests came back negative or are currently pending for specific viral sources.
