She was treated with insulin, Heparin drip, but subsequently beta blocker, Aggrastat, and nitrodrip.
Over the last evening prior to the catheterization, the patient developed significant epistaxis requiring discontinuation of her 2B3A inhibitor and Heparin.
During the procedure, the patient developed cardiogenic shock and bradycardic at that point, and intra-aortic balloon pump was inserted, and she was started on dopamine drip.
She was on intra-aortic balloon pump, 1:1 dopamine 7.5 mcg/kg/minute.
General:  She is intubated and sedated and unresponsive.
CARDIOVASCULAR: Regular, rate, and rhythm, intra-aortic balloon pump sounds.
There is a large thrombus in the left common iliac vein, and it was thrombectomized and a stent placed to the external common iliac arteries, but the left internal iliac was jailed, and not stented.
On catheterization #2, she had the right intra-aortic balloon pump discontinued and one placed on her left.
She was continued on an intra-aortic balloon pump for roughly 60 hours, and slowly weaned off her pressors.
The intra-aortic balloon pump was discontinued on [**1-31**], and the patient defended her blood pressure well off the balloon pump and the pressors were gradually weaned off.
Initially of interest, the patient was started on dopamine to which she had a correspondence in regards to a low SVR and she was switched to Neo-Synephrine which had a better response in maintaining her blood pressure more adequately.
It is noted that she had a non-ST elevation myocardial infarction, and had a stent to her right coronary artery.
She is to be treated with Plavix, and aspirin, and statin, and beta blocker, and ACE inhibitor when her blood pressure is tolerated.
The thrombus was interjected in the cardiac catheterization laboratory with restoration of flow, however, the patient's lungs remained cool, and only gradually retained appreciable regain of her pulses over the next three or four days.
The Vascular Surgery team also recommended anticoagulating the patient with Heparin and Coumadin to preserve blood flow to the lower extremities to prevent further thrombosis.
Hematologic:  The patient was treated with Heparin drip while she was on the intra-aortic balloon pump.
She subsequently developed drop in her platelets which was initially thought to be due to Heparin induced thrombocytopenia, HIT antibodies which were negative, and after Hematology was consulted, and they suggested it is not heparin induced thrombocytopenia but rather platelet destruction from the intra-aortic balloon pump.
When the balloon pump was discontinued, the patient was restarted on Heparin drip for her peripheral vascular disease in the attempt and plan to transition her to Coumadin for anticoagulation for the peripheral vascular disease.
Per Hematology, they would prefer that the patient not be labeled as having Heparin induced thrombocytopenia as this is likely not the case of their assessment.
