The patient has a history of C. difficile colitis on [**7-1**] following completion of a course of clindamycin for lower extremity cellulitis.
The patient was treated with Flagyl 500 tid and ciprofloxacin for persistent cellulitis and superimposed C. difficile colitis.
In the ED, the patient was seen by vascular surgery, since the patient is status post SMA stent placement.
In the ED, the patient received ampicillin, Flagyl and IV vancomycin.
HOSPITAL COURSE - 1) CLOSTRIDIUM DIFFICILE PANCOLITIS WITH RESPONSE TO PO FLAGYL AS OUTPATIENT:  The patient was started on po vancomycin.
Given dilaudid for pain control.
The patient was put on isolation precautions for C. difficile colitis with positive C. difficile toxin.
The patient was started on IV Flagyl, and the following day was given a trial of IVIG with interval improvement in white count and metabolic acidosis.
The patient was put on bowel rest and was decompressed with a nasogastric tube for one day, and with rectal tube for the duration of three days with interval improvement in colonic distention as evidenced by clinical exam and radiographic confirmation.
Subsequently, the patient's IV Flagyl was stopped, and the patient continued on po vancomycin.
The patient was started on clear liquids which were to be advanced slowly to small amounts of solids.
The patient had undergone right-sided thoracentesis with ultrasound guidance with removal of 500 cc of clear transudate.
Therefore, the patient's dyspnea was thought to be at least partially cardiac, and the patient was given a trial of lasix for the treatment of presumed CHF.
He required several IV pushes of diltiazem, but his rate was controlled well on diltiazem 180 mg po qd.
3) RENAL FAILURE:  The patient's renal failure had mostly a prerenal component and creatinine returned to a baseline of 1.6 with IV hydration.
Subsequently, the patient remained uvolemic, and his creatinine was followed closely when the patient was started on lasix for congestive heart failure.
The patient's Lopressor dose was increased, but subsequently Lopressor was changed to a calcium channel blocker which controlled the patient's heart rate in the range of 60s-70s.
5) HYPERTENSION:  The patient was continued on hydralazine, as well as diltiazem and lasix.
6) HISTORY OF CELLULITIS:  The patient presented with resolved cellulitis and no antibiotics targeting cellulitis were continued in light of current Clostridium difficile superinfection.
