The patient denies any recent illness, nausea, vomiting, cough, rhinorrhea, fevers, chills, sweats, chest pain, or abdominal pain.
The patient was then given a digoxin load, but no beta blocker given the severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on his pulmonary function tests; which revealed FEV1 of 0.5 (which is 29% of predicted), FVC of 1.05 (which is 45% of predicted), and FEV1:FVC ratio of 62%.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Medications at home included dyazide 37.5/25 one tablet p.o.
Combivent 2 puffs inhaled q.i.d.
Advair 100/50 1 puff inhaled b.i.d.
Lasix 20 mg intravenously q.d.
Lisinopril 5 mg p.o.
Digoxin 0.625 mg p.o.
Potassium chloride 20 mEq p.o.
Heparin intravenously.
AORTIC STENOSIS:  A repeat echocardiogram showed an ejection fraction of greater than 55%, moderate left atrial enlargement, moderate right atrial enlargement, symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy, severe aortic stenosis (aortic valve are was 0.7 cm2, peak gradient of 98 mmHg, mean gradient of 60 mmHg, and peak velocity of 5 m/sec), trivial mitral regurgitation, 1 to 2+ tricuspid regurgitation, mild systolic pulmonary artery systolic hypertension, and trivial pericardial effusion.
Cardiothoracic Surgery was consulted for possible aortic valve replacement.
However, that the patient had a PCO2 in the 60s on arterial blood gas, it was felt that the patient was not a good candidate for aortic valve replacement.
It is best that the patient be medically managed with Lasix and controlling the atrial fibrillation.
However, three hours later, the patient did return back to atrial fibrillation with the following vital signs:  Heart rate was 125, blood pressure was 191/53, and oxygen saturation was 97% on 5 liters nasal cannula oxygen.
At that time, he was then restarted on an amiodarone drip which required a Unit stay.
After the amiodarone drip was finished, the patient was started on 200 mg of amiodarone p.o.
His Combivent inhaler was discontinued so that he would not convert back to atrial fibrillation by becoming tachycardic with the albuterol component.
He was then started on diltiazem 30 mg p.o.
Also, he was anticoagulated with Coumadin with an INR goal of 2 to 2.5.
CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE:  The patient was given an aspirin as a primary prevention of coronary artery disease.
On cardiac catheterization for the aortic stenosis, he only had 50% stenosis of the left anterior descending artery without any intervention.
If the patient's congestive heart failure is not improved with medical management, then it is advised that he undergo a palliative angioplasty for his aortic stenosis.
He suddenly required requiring oxygen both at rest and with ambulation.
Given that he does not have any evidence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on his pulmonary function tests, it is recommended that all of his inhalers (including salmeterol, Flovent, and Atrovent) be discontinued.
The patient was saturating at 91% on 2 liters nasal cannula at rest and 87% to 89% on 3 liters nasal cannula while ambulating, so it is recommended that he be on 4 liters of oxygen with exertion and 2 liters of oxygen at rest.
Coumadin 5 mg p.o.
Diltiazem 30 mg p.o.
Atorvastatin 10 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 200 mg p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.
