Protonix 20 mg p.o.
Iron Sulfate 3.
Lisinopril  ALLERGIES:  Lobster.
Cardiac Surgery was consulted on the date of admission for evaluation and treatment via possible coronary artery bypass graft.
During this interval time, the patient was approached and options for surgery were discussed.
The patient agreed to surgery on [**2124-4-3**] and went to the Operating Room for coronary artery bypass graft times four, left internal mammary artery to left anterior descending, saphenous vein graft to ramus, saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal and saphenous vein graft to right coronary artery.
On postoperative day #1, the patient was on Levophed and Milrinone drips with a pressure in the 1-teens.
The patient was extubated on postoperative day #1 and pressors were continuously weaned over the day which the patient tolerated well.
The patient was treated with Lopressor 2.5 mg intravenously times two with good effect, heart rate decreasing to the 1-tens.
The pacer settings were changed appropriately and Amiodarone bolus 150 mg was given.
The patient converted to a rate of 40s to 50s with Amiodarone bolus and required A pacing to maintain blood pressure and indices.
Amiodarone drip was started shortly thereafter.
On postoperative day #4, the patient again went into atrial fibrillation and Amiodarone bolus was once again given.
On postoperative day #5, later in the day the patient was put on a heparin drip.
On postoperative day #6, the patient was transferred to the floor, and on postoperative day #7 the patient was started on Coumadin with a therapeutic range of 2.0.
The patient remained in sinus rhythm with being loaded for Coumadin with INRs being checked daily and in the meantime being on a heparin drip.
On postoperative day #11, the patient's INR was reacting appropriately to Coumadin dosing at 1.6.
The patient was still on a heparin drip.
The patient was deemed well enough to go home with services with Lovenox to bridge the patient until he was therapeutic.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Percocet 1 to 2 tablets p.o.
Metoprolol 12.5 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
Nexium 40 mg p.o.
Coumadin 5 mg p.o.
Iron sulfate 325 mg p.o.
Lovenox dosed for b.i.d.
