The patient was then referred for coronary artery bypass grafting.
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  Significant only for a cyst removal of the right breast.
Elavil 5 mg q. h.s.
Alphagan 0.15 percent, 1 drop o.u.
Risperdal .5 b.i.d.
Cosopt eye drops 1 drop b.i.d.
Novolin N 86 units in a.m. and 50 units in the p.m.;    regular insulin sliding scale.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  Prior to being accepted for coronary artery bypass grafting, the patient was seen by the neurology service and underwent MRI of the head to rule out infarct as well as carotids that showed a narrowing 40 percent on the right and 40 to 59 percent on the left.
In summary, the patient had a coronary artery bypass graft times four with a left internal mammary artery to the LAD, saphenous vein graft to the diagonal, saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal and saphenous vein graft to PDA.
She tolerated the operation well and was transferred from the operating room to the cardiothoracic intensive care unit.
She had Neo- Synephrine at 0.5 mcg/kg per minute and propofol at 20 mcg/per kg per minute.
However, she had a slight respiratory acidosis and, therefore, remained intubated overnight.
She received IV steroids and remained ventilated throughout the day of postoperative day one.
Additionally, she was begun on beta blockade as well as diuretic therapy.
Following initiation of beta blockade, the patient was noted to have sinus pauses with a heart rate down to the 30's and, therefore, she remained in the cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit.
The beta blockade was held at that point.
Cardiology was consulted and later in the day, she was begun on low-dose beta blockade once again which she tolerated well.
On the morning of postoperative day four, the patient had no further sinus pauses and she was transferred from the cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit to the floor for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation.
Her beta blockade was increased and on postoperative day five, it was decided that the following morning the patient would be stable and ready for transfer to rehabilitation center.
CAD status post coronary artery bypass grafting times four    with LIMA to the left anterior descending; saphenous vein    graft to diagonal; saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal    and saphenous vein graft to PDA.
Lipitor 10 mg q. d. 2.
Lasix 20 mg q. d. times 2 weeks.
Potassium chloride 20 mV q. d. times 2 weeks.
Colace 100 mg b.i.d.
Aspirin 81 mg q. d. 6.
Percocet 5/325 1-2 tablets q.4-6h.
Elavil 10 mg q. h.s.
Metazepium 15 mg q. h.s.
Sertraline 75 mg q. d. 10.
Metoprolol 25 mg b.i.d.
Novolin N 86 units q a.m. and 50 units q. p.m.,    along with sliding scale of regular insulin.
Alphagan 0.15 percent one drop o.u.
