At that time, they attempted diuresis with Lasix 80 mg intravenously times three, Zaroxolyn 10 mg intravenous times one; Bumex 4 mg intravenous and they then gave him Diltiazem 35 mg times one, then 50 mg times one and was started on a Diltiazem drip up to approximately 15.
The patient also received Plavix 300 mg times one and Lovenox 160 mg subcutaneously times one.
A left parietal cerebrovascular accident with right hemiparesis.
Potassium chloride.
Chem 7 was a sodium of 140, potassium 3.6, chloride 101, bicarbonate 24, BUN 24, creatinine 1.2, glucose 247, calcium 8.9, magnesium 1.6, phosphorus 4.0, coagulation studies were PT 14.2, INR 1.3, PTT 28.2.
Therefore, we decided to cover the patient with Vancomycin and Levaquin and he provided sputum cultures.
The left lower lobe infiltrate did improve over the hospital stay although difficult to visualized on chest x-ray, and the pneumonia appeared to improve clinically on the Vancomycin and Levaquin.
The Vancomycin was then continued for ten days and Levaquin for 14 days.
Nevertheless, the patient was stable enough to be extubated during his hospital stay and was doing fairly well on a CPAP mask with a PEEP of approximately 10 until he experienced acute onset of respiratory failure again and clinically appeared to be in flash pulmonary edema.
Therefore, we managed the flash pulmonary edema which will be discussed under the section of his coronary artery disease, even given management of pulmonary edema and optimization of his cardiac parameters, the patient was not able to be successfully extubated during hospital stay and required a tracheostomy.
At the time of this discharge summary, the patient was being maintained on tracheostomy still requiring significant PEEP as well as pressure support, and showing signs of significant respiratory muscle weakness, however, he also did develop a second pneumonia which was likely to be Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus, although this may also represent colonization, therefore, the patient ended up being retreated with Vancomycin for a possible Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia.
The patient did have a pulmonary artery catheter placed to help determine the etiology of his shock and importantly, it showed a pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 25, central venous pressure of approximately 16, although his cardiac output was 7.85 and his SVR was 673.
For his shock, the patient was initially on Dopamine which was weaned and then transferred to Levophed.
Another element of the treatment of the shock was that the patient, in being a cosyntropin nonresponder, received fludrocortisone hydrocortisone until his shock resolved.
RAPID ATRIAL FIBRILLATION:  This was controlled via Diltiazem and Lopressor.
The patient did have multiple episodes were he reverted to atrial fibrillation, at times rapid atrial fibrillation during the hospital stay, which was controlled mostly with a combination of Diltiazem and Lopressor.
The patient was also started on heparin for his paroxysmal atrial fibrillation which eventually was discontinued due to, first the patient being taken for cardiac catheterization, and then secondary to a falling hematocrit.
It was felt that the falling hematocrit represented more danger to the patient than the stroke risks or paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, so the heparin was not restarted temporarily.
Consideration was given at the time of this discharge dictation to restarting the patient on heparin once his hematocrit stabilized, versus starting him on an oral regimen of anti-coagulation.
The patient had gone several days without reverting to atrial fibrillation at the time of this discharge dictation, possibly because an amiodarone drip was started and then changed to amiodarone p.o., which was continued at the time of this dictation.
For his coronary artery disease, the patient was maintained on aspirin, Plavix, Metoprolol, originally Isordil and hydralazine and the hydralazine was then changed to Captopril once his creatinine reached its baseline level, and Lipitor was added later in the hospital course.
It was felt by Neurology, who was consulted on the case, that this was unlikely to represent hemorrhage and it also did not correlate clinically with the patient's right hemiparesis; therefore, initially the heparin was held because of this and no further work-up was done.
We also decided at that point to get a Physical Therapy consultation.
ENDOCRINE:  From an endocrine standpoint, the patient had significant problems with glycemic control which was controlled with an insulin drip.
Probably due to his body habitus, he did not respond very well to subcutaneous insulin but was maintained on an insulin drip which will be converted to his oral hypoglycemic medication once he is stable and out of the Intensive Care Unit.
Towards his third week of hospitalization, the patient did have a significant drop in his hematocrit of about six points which was felt to be due to an expanding hematoma towards the area of cardiac catheterization which was done approximately a week earlier, therefore, an ultrasound was obtained which is pending at the time of this dictation.
FLUIDS, ELECTROLYTES AND NUTRITION:   The patient was kept on tube feeds for most of his hospital course which were discontinued for approximately a few days due to significant ileus which did resolve.
The patient was fed with these tube feeds through an OG tube and when he is more stable will be obtaining a Swallow evaluation to try to re-institute p.o.
feeding versus necessity for a long term open G-tube.
The patient will likely necessitate a direct gastric feeding tube which will be difficult to obtain without an open surgery due to his body habitus.
Otherwise, the patient did require occasional Lasix for diuresis, principally due to inadequate renal function.
He was diuresing well even without the necessity for Lasix and the Lasix was temporarily held in light of his recurrent sepsis.
There was imaging done on the left side due to inability to thread the wire after repeated central venous lines were placed in the left internal jugular and subclavian.
No clots were noted in that area and eventually all central venous access was discontinued with his fevers and a right PICC line was able to be obtained.
As far as his overall disposition at the time of this discharge dictation, the patient was doing well with stable hemodynamics, still requiring ventilatory support, although attempts were being made to decrease his PEEP and pressor support.
He is being continued on Vancomycin at the current time.
We are also obtaining a Speech consultation for questioning of the use of a Passey-Muir valve at the current time.
