Patient was last well three days prior to admission when he was on the stairmaster for five minutes when he developed substernal pressure, nonradiating, not associated with nausea, diaphoresis or shortness of breath.
Symptoms relieved in the Emergency Department with aspirin and nitroglycerin times two.
The patient was started on heparin, Integrilin, and Plavix, as well as nitroglycerin drip.
ALLERGIES:  Hypercholesterolemia, gout, elevated serum protein, diabetes (diet controlled), status post knee surgery, status post ankle surgery, osteoarthritis, benign prostatic hypertrophy.
Hydrochlorothiazide 12.5.
Flomax 0.4 q.d.
Pravachol 40.
Atenolol 50.
Sodium 137, potassium 3.7, chloride 98, bicarbonate 28, BUN 20, creatinine 1.0, glucose 164, magnesium 1.8, INR 1.2, MB was 117, troponin 0.63.
Patient was continued on aspirin, beta-blocker, nitroglycerin, Plavix and statin and heparin drip.
Patient was continued on a heparin drip.
On hospital day number five, patient was taken to the Operating Room for coronary artery bypass graft times four.
Patient had left internal mammary artery that went to left anterior descending, saphenous vein graft to OM1 and OM2 and saphenous vein graft to posterior descending artery.
Patient was on a nitro drip 0.5 when the patient was transferred to the Cardiac Surgery Recovery Unit.
Patient,in the Cardiac Surgery Recovery Unit, initially received nitro drip to titrate to maintain the >.....<of less than 90, central venous pressure initially 78, however, the patient progressively set increase up to maximum of 20.
The blood pressure started to decrease and nitro drip was stopped.
Patient received fluid bolus of 500 >.....<with a good result for maintaining the blood pressure.
Patient was started on Lasix, chest tubes were removed and was transferred to the floor.
The final chest tubes were removed.
JP was removed and the Foley was removed and wires were removed.
Patient complained of not being able to have a bowel movement and patient was put on magnesium citrate which helped in having a bowel movement.
Patient was continued on physical therapy and started on iron.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Coronary artery disease, status post coronary artery bypass graft times four.
Lasix 20 mg po b.i.d.
Potassium chloride 20 mEq b.i.d.
Colace 100 mg po b.i.d.
Aspirin 325 mg po q.d.
Percocet #5 1-2 tablets q.
4-6 hours prn pain.
Pravastatin 40 mg po q.d.
Allopurinol 300 mg po q.d.
Iron 325 mg po q.d.
Lopressor 25 mg po b.i.d.
