HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 50-year-old woman with a past medical history significant for aneurysmal clipping secondary to seizure disorder on Dilantin, heroin abuse on Methadone, who presented from detoxification with change in mental status.
A toxicology screen of her urine was positive for benzodiazepines, cocaine, narcotics, and methadone.
This however was after sedation for the intubation.
She received Narcan 4 mg in the Emergency Department and began to spontaneously move all four extremities with normal strength and alertness.
Uterine cancer status post surgery; no chemotherapy and no radiation therapy.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Methadone 50 mg p.o.
General:  The patient was intubated, sedated, with ETT tube in place.
LABORATORY DATA:  On admission white count was 5.6, 46% neutrophils, 45% lymphs, 6% monos, hemoglobin 14, hematocrit 41.1, platelet count 255; sodium 138, potassium 4.1, chloride 97, bicarb 29, BUN 14, creatinine 1.1, glucose 104; ALT 17, AST 27, alkaline phosphatase 190, amylase 77, lipase 33, total bilirubin 0.2; INR 1.2, PT 13, PTT 27; calcium 9.5, magnesium 2.2, phosphorus 5.5; troponin less than 0.3, CK 106; urine toxicology screen showed benzodiazepines, cocaine, narcotic, Methadone; serum toxicology screen was negative; urinalysis showed nitrite positive, pH of 5.5, trace leukocyte esterase, [**5-2**] whites, many bacteria; ................... less than 1, Dilantin level 15.
After admission to the Intensive Care Unit, she was weaned off the ventilator.
She initially had some vomiting prior to extubation which was controlled with intravenous antiemetics.
At the time of discharge, the most likely diagnosis was felt to be an overdose of narcotics given the response to Narcan.
They recommended not restarting her psychiatric medications but maintaining on a maintenance dose of her Methadone and Neurontin, as well as Dilantin.
She had serial cardiac enzymes which were negative including troponin I and CK.
Upon admission, she had a urinalysis which was consistent with infection and received Bactrim double strength for five days for this.
A urine culture grew out two colonial morphologies of gram-negative rods.
She will be continued on discharge on Bactrim to continue a full five-day course.
At the time of this dictation, she is medically stable, and the plan is to discharge her to detoxification for further management of her acute addiction issues.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Bactrim double strength 1 tab p.o.
x 4 days, Dilantin 200 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Neurontin 300 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Aricept 10 mg q.d., Klonopin 1 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Methadone 2 mg p.o.
