MEDICATIONS:   Glucophage 500 mg once daily, Glyburide 5 mg by mouth twice a day, Lipitor 10 mg by mouth once daily, hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg by mouth once daily, Zestril 10 mg by mouth once daily, lasix 20 mg by mouth once daily, potassium chloride 10 mEq by mouth once daily, Coreg 3.125 mg by mouth twice a day, aspirin 81 mg by mouth once daily.
FAMILY HISTORY:   Significant for mother and brother who are both status post coronary artery bypass graft, sister with coronary artery disease.
HOSPITAL COURSE:   The patient was therefore brought to the operating room for elective coronary artery bypass grafting.
On [**2173-11-19**], he went to the operating room, where he underwent a four vessel coronary artery bypass graft including a left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending, a saphenous vein graft to the posterior descending artery, another saphenous vein graft to the obtuse marginal, and another saphenous vein graft to the ramus.
The patient tolerated the procedure well.
He was maintained on an insulin drip.
He was started on a cardiac diet, as well as diabetic diet.
His Lopressor, lasix and aspirin were additionally started after his Swan was removed.
Chest tubes had been removed.
His Foley catheter was subsequently removed on postoperative day number two.
Therefore his diuresis was decreased from lasix twice a day to once daily.
His Lopressor was titrated accordingly to 25 mg twice a day for heart rates of 80s to 90s that were in sinus.
His hematocrit drop was felt to be secondary to postoperative state, and revascularization as well as chest tube losses.
Severe coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft x 4, left internal mammary artery to left anterior descending, saphenous vein graft to posterior descending artery, saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal, saphenous vein graft to ramus.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:   Glucophage 500 mg by mouth once daily, Glyburide 5 mg by mouth twice a day, Lipitor 10 mg by mouth once daily, hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg by mouth once daily, Zestril 10 mg by mouth once daily, lasix 20 mg by mouth once daily, potassium chloride 10 mEq by mouth once daily, aspirin 325 mg by mouth once daily, Lopressor 25 mg by mouth twice a day, percocet 5/325 one to two tablets by mouth every four to six hours as needed for pain, Motrin 600 mg by mouth three times a day with meals as needed for pain, Colace 100 mg by mouth twice a day as long as he is on percocet.
