HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient was initially seen in the Emergency Room with right sided abdominal discomfort.
Because of resuscitation, the patient was given intravenous fluid and underwent a CT scan of the abdomen which showed a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm and she went emergently to surgery for repair.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Premarin and aspirin.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On physical examination, the patient had a temperature of 96.6, pulse 79, blood pressure 70/palpable, status post fluid resuscitation with one liter 90/70, respiratory rate 12 and oxygen saturation 98% in room air.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient underwent emergent abdominal aortic aneurysm repair and was transferred to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit for continued monitoring and care.
Postoperative hematocrit was 25.3, white blood cell count 2.5, platelet count 111,000, BUN 17, creatinine 0.9, lactate 8.6, CPK 195, MB 10, magnesium, phosphorous and calcium normal.
The patient remained intubated but hemodynamically stable.
Subcutaneous heparin was begun for deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis and Protonix was also initiated.
Hematocrit was 33.7, prothrombin time and INR normal, BUN 24, creatinine 1.3, potassium 4.2, calcium, magnesium and phosphorous normal.
The patient remained on nothing by mouth with nasogastric suction in place.
Intravenous heparin and subcutaneous heparin was discontinued.
Arterial blood gases were 7.38, 43, 97, 26, base excess 0, hematocrit 30.1, platelet count 90,000, up from 78,000, BUN and creatinine remained stable, calcium and magnesium were normal.
The nasogastric tube was removed and the patient remained on nothing by mouth in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit.
The right internal jugular cordis was changed to a triple lumen catheter over a guide wire without complications.
HIT antibiotics were negative and subcutaneous heparin was reinstituted.
BUN and creatinine remained stable.
AT evaluation was requested and case management was requested to begin screening for rehabilitation placement.
The central venous line was discontinued on postoperative day number eight and a peripheral line was placed.
She continued on gentle diuresis.
Abdomen was soft, nontender, nondistended, wounds were clean, dry and intact.
DISPOSITION:  The patient was discharged to a rehabilitation facility for continued strengthening and mobility.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Lasix 20 mg p.o.b.i.d.
Heparin 5,000 units s.c.q.12h., to be discontinued once the patient is ambulating on a consistent basis.
Metoprolol 25 mg p.o.b.i.d., hold for systolic blood pressure less than 100, heart rate less than 60.
Amiodarone 200 mg p.o.q.d., hold for heart rate less than 60.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.q.d.
