When in bed, she took two nitroglycerin with resolution.
Discomfort on the day of admission resolved with two sublingual nitroglycerin.
Catheterization at that time revealed three vessel disease, however the patient preferred to be medically managed and deferred surgery at that time.
Aspirin 325 qd 2.
Lipitor 20 mg qd 3.
Insulin 28 units q a.m. and varied p.m. doses 4.
Atenolol 25 mg qd 5.
Plavix 75 mg qd 6.
Zestril 5 mg qd 7.
Nexium 40 mg qd  PAST MEDICAL HISTORY: 1.
Cardiothoracic surgery was consulted.
The patient was accepted for coronary artery bypass grafting.
In summary, the patient had coronary artery bypass grafting x3 with a left internal mammary artery to the LAD, saphenous vein graft to the RCA and saphenous vein graft to the OM.
She tolerated the operation well and was transferred from the Operating Room to the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit.
At that time, she had Neo-Synephrine at 1 mcg per kg per minute and propofol at 10 mcg per kg per minute.
She was weaned from the ventilator and successfully extubated.
Throughout the evening and day of her surgery, the patient continued to require Neo-Synephrine to support her blood pressure.
On postoperative day 1, she was weaned from Neo-Synephrine.
She remained in the Intensive Care Unit, however, because of poor respiratory effort requiring vigorous pulmonary toilet.
Her chest tubes were removed and diuresis was initiated.
By postoperative day 5, her respiratory status had clearly improved and she was transferred to the floor for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation.
Over the next two days, the patient's activity level was increased with the assistance of nursing staff and physical therapy and on postoperative day 7, it was decided that the patient was stable and ready for discharge to home.
Right saphenous vein graft harvest site via endoscopy.
Aspirin 325 mg qd 2.
Prilosec 40 mg qd 3.
Lasix 20 mg qd x10 days 4.
Metoprolol 25 mg [**Hospital1 **] 6.
Lipitor 20 mg qd 7.
Percocet 5/325 1 to 2 tablets q4h prn 8.
Insulin NPH 14 units q a.m. 6 units q p.m. 9.
