She was intubated for a deterioration on MS prior to transfer, and given Dilantin 1 g IV.
The patient has been extubated and the nasogastric tube has been removed.
She was confused and disoriented at the OSH, and when she was found to have diffuse frontal and parietal SAH she was intubated because of concern for deterioration of MS (not clear what exactly this deterioration was)  On initial examination she was still sedated, but opened her eyes to voice and grimaces, and moves both arms and legs purposefully to pain.
Although the SAH is also most likely traumatic, given how diffuse the hemorrhage was and aneurysm was ruled out by both CTA head and neck and conventional cerebral angiogram.
The patient was admitted to the neuro ICU and extubated following angiogram without difficulty.
Her dilantin was discontinued and she was followed clinically for evidence of seizure activity.
CT-C spine was obtained revealed cervical spondylosis without cervical fracture, and her spine was clinically cleared to remove hard C-collar.
Given large volume of blood present in the subarachnoid space she was monitored in the ICU for frequent neuro checks and then transferred to neurology step down unit.
She was started on nimodipine.
Repeat head CT demonstrated significant clearance of the subarachnoid hemorrhage so we felt that it was safe to titrate her off of the nimodipine.
2) She was started on Cipro on [**2146-3-5**] due to evidence of a UTI.
The sensitivities of the enterococcus came back and due to definite sensitivity of these 2 organisms to amoxicillin, amoxicillin 500mg PO Q8 was started (despite having completed a 3 day course of cipro), and she is to continue on this for a full 7 day course.
4) Hypertension: blood pressure running 150s-160s SBP, so metoprolol dose increased to 25mg PO BID.
Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day).
Bisacodyl 5 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
Amoxicillin 250 mg Capsule Sig: Two (2) Capsule PO Q8H (every 8 hours) for 7 days.
Metoprolol Tartrate 25 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day).
Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day) as needed.
Oxycodone-Acetaminophen 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed for pain for 7 days.
Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed for pain, T > 100.4.
Discharge Instructions: (1) please monitor mental status and neurologic exam (2) 7day course of amoxicillin started today due to sensitivities of a second bacteria species that were just revealed and likely resistant to cipro (s/p 3 day course) (3) obtain f/u urinalysis in order to make sure that the UTI has cleared.
