She was given morphine for pain control which helped a little.
Status post tubal ligation.
Fibroids status post total abdominal hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy.
Status post laminectomy and the L3-L4 and L5-S1 discs.
Gabapentin 600 mg p.o.
Synthroid 50 micrograms p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Transdermal Estradiol 0.05 mg q. day.
Colace 100 mg twice a day.
Diltiazem 240 mg p.o.
Given the normal findings on right upper quadrant ultrasound and abdominal CT scan, an MRCP was performed which showed two small cysts in the tail of the pancreas, a prominent common bile duct, most likely status post cholecystectomy with no evidence of common bile duct sludge and no evidence of choledocholithiasis.
The Gastrointestinal consultation recommended a formal endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography to definitively rule out the possibility of a retained stone in the common bile duct and to further evaluate the pancreatic cyst seen on the MRCP.
In summary, the Neurology consultation felt that the patient was slow to recover following sedation for the endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography and thought that there was a possibility of seizure activity, but that she was recovering from the sedation.
The patient was brought back to the floor and was given laxatives and fluids to try to clean out the colon.
Throughout her hospitalization, the patient noted that her right upper quadrant pain was well controlled with Oxycodone 5 mg every three to four hours as needed and Tylenol 500 mg every six hours standing.
At the time of discharge, the patient was also tolerating liquids but had not yet attempted to eat solid food.
Given the negative work-up to this point, the patient was seen by Surgery who felt at this time that there was no indication for surgical intervention in this case given the negative studies and prior work-up.
She was scheduled for a follow-up appointment in the Infectious Disease Clinic on [**2180-10-19**], at 09:30 to follow-up with test results and to consider treatment options.
Her pain was well controlled with Oxycodone 5 mg every three to four hours and acetaminophen.
Gabapentin 300 mg, two capsules four times a day.
Levothyroxine 50 micrograms, one tablet q. day.
Aspirin 325 mg, one tablet q. day.
Colace 100 mg, one capsule p.o.
Diltiazem 240 mg, one caplet p.o.
Amlodipine 5 mg tablet, two tablets p.o.
Protonix 40 mg, one tablet p.o.
Oxycodone 5 mg, one tablet every three to four hours as needed for pain.
Acetaminophen 650 mg every six hours.
