The patient denies any chest pain, fevers, chills, nausea, or vomiting.
The patient was given 80 mg of Solu-Medrol, 500 mg of levofloxacin, and continued on his albuterol nebulizers for a presumed acute chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation.
Therefore, he was placed on a [**Hospital1 **]-level positive airway pressure machine with improvement in comfort level and respiratory rates.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  (The patient's home medications were) 1.
Metoprolol 50 mg p.o.
Digoxin 0.25 mg p.o.
Coumadin 5 mg p.o.
Ativan 1 mg p.o.
Captopril 25 mg p.o.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg p.o.
Albuterol meter-dosed inhaler and Atrovent meter-dosed inhaler.
He was initially managed on noninvasive ventilation with continuous albumin and Atrovent nebulizer treatments as well as steroids and antibiotics.
On the evening of admission, the patient became increasingly agitated, and hypertensive, and tachycardic; complaining of hallucinations and confusion.
The sedation and secretions improved in the subsequent days, and the patient was extubated on hospital day eight and remained stable.
Throughout his Medical Intensive Care Unit course, his chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flare was continually managed with levofloxacin (of which he completed 9 days of a 10-day course), steroids, and albuterol/Atrovent nebulizers.
His rate was initially managed with intravenous Lopressor with good control.
However, toward the end of his Medical Intensive Care Unit admission, the rate control was no longer adequate with Lopressor and diltiazem was added for rate control.
His Coumadin was initially held at the beginning of this admission given his INR of 2.9 and the interactions of Coumadin with levofloxacin.
However, the Coumadin was restarted several days later, and the patient remained with a therapeutic INR.
HYPERTENSIVE ISSUES:  The patient's blood pressure was initially managed with beta blockade alone; however, several days into the admission, the patient remained persistently hypertensive with systolic blood pressures ranging in the 160s to 170s and was subsequently started on captopril with improvement of his systolic blood pressures.
Consequently, his hydrochlorothiazide was held throughout this admission, and the patient was managed with repeated fluid boluses with a return of his creatinine to baseline.
