ADMISSION MEDICATIONS:  The patient was on no medications upon admission.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION:  During the five minute examination, the patient became progressively less responsive and then vomited requiring intubation and paralytics during the examination.
The patient's blood pressure was initially controlled with a Nipride drip to keep the cephalic pressure between 130-160.
The Nipride drip was then weaned as labetalol IV was added along with a nicardipine drip.
The patient was also given Dilantin load followed by a maintenance dose of 400 mg q.d.
Neurosurgery was reconsulted for a question of craniotomy but they felt that the patient would not be a candidate for the surgery in that it would not help him.
Mannitol was then started along with hyperventilation to keep the PC02 below 30 in an attempt to decrease the cerebral edema.
Despite clinical examination that the patient is clinically brain dead, the family wishes to continue aggressive treatment.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  As mentioned above, the patient was initially started on a Nipride drip to control the blood pressure between 130-160.
However, he was slowly weaned off the Nipride to be switched over to Cardene drip.
The Cardene drip was then weaned to allow for the addition of p.o.
Three serial CKs and troponins were checked and found to be negative, thus, ruling the patient out for a myocardial infarction.
PULMONARY:  The patient was initially intubated when first seen down in the Emergency Room for airway protection since he vomited.
He was started on levofloxacin and Flagyl since the day of admission for aspiration pneumonia.
Vancomycin was added on day number four of hospitalization due to sputum cultures showing Staphylococcus aureus coagulase-positive organisms and gram-negative rods.
In an attempt to decongest him, saline nasal spray was started.
He was subsequently given IV fluids and his creatinine improved to 1.6.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  Leukocytosis:  Given the aspiration pneumonia and elevated white count of 18.6, levofloxacin and Flagyl were started on the day of admission.
Since this was deemed a contaminent, no further antibiotics were given.
However, on day number four of hospitalization, his sputum culture returned showing Staphylococcus coagulase-positive organisms so vancomycin was added.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  The patient was given and orogastric tube for tube feeds.
He had some high residuals so the tube feeds were stopped.
Reglan was then administered to promote GI motility so that the tube feeds could be restarted.
FLUIDS, ELECTROLYTES, AND NUTRITION:  Hyponatremia:  The patient's sodium slowly fell from 136 upon admission to 130 on the fourth day of hospitalization.
