She was then placed on supplemental oxygen at which time her saturations improved to the 90s, but she then desaturated again on a nonrebreather mask.
She was also given albuterol nebulizers and one dose of levofloxacin.
She was aggressively fluid resuscitated and received a 4-liter boluses.
The patient was placed on a face mask and given a dose of levofloxacin, clindamycin, and Solu-Medrol.
Albuterol and Atrovent nebulizers.
Seroquel 900 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Klonopin 1 mg by mouth twice per day.
Lamictal 25 mg by mouth in the morning and 30 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Verapamil-SR 240 mg by mouth once per day.
Dyazide one tablet by mouth every day.
Ativan 1 mg by mouth four times per day as needed.
Prednisone taper.
She was using abdominal muscles while breathing.
Neurologic examination revealed the patient responded to simple commands.
Upon arrival in the Emergency Department, she was afebrile but soon became hypotensive and required significant fluid resuscitation.
The patient was started on levofloxacin and clindamycin initially, and her cultures were followed.
Her blood pressure remained stable following the initial fluid bolus.
She was continued on levofloxacin and was to complete a 10-day course.
However, following fluid resuscitation, her hypoxemia worsened.
She also was started on nebulizers and prednisone to treat her chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation.
The patient was briefly on [**Hospital1 **]-level positive airway pressure on the Unit but was then placed back on oxygen via face mask.
She was started nebulizers and a prednisone taper before being transitioned over to inhalers, and a steroid inhaler was added.
The patient was stable on this regimen and was quickly weaned off oxygen.
She was discharged on by mouth prednisone with a taper to be continued over the week.
She was also to continue to use her meter-dosed inhalers as prescribed.
The patient did develop congestive heart failure soon after admission with aggressive fluid resuscitation.
She was also started on aspirin, and her hypertensive medications were added back.
HYPERTENSION ISSUES:  The patient's blood pressure medications were initially held on admission given concern for sepsis and her initial hypotension.
However, her blood pressure stabilized, and as she actually did become hypertensive at this point, she was started back on her verapamil and dyazide per her home regimen which she tolerated well.
At this point, the patient was restarted on her psychiatric medications.
In addition to her standing Lamictal and Seroquel medications, the patient also received Ativan as needed for agitation.
HISTORY OF ALCOHOL ABUSE ISSUES:  The patient was started on folate and thiamine on admission.
She was received prophylaxis with a CIWA scale; however, the patient did not need the criteria for alcohol withdrawal, and this was discontinued.
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE:  (Discharge medications included)  1.
Seroquel 800 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Verapamil-SR 240 mg by mouth once per day.
Dyazide one tablet by mouth every day.
Lamictal 25 mg by mouth in the morning and 30 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Levofloxacin 500 mg once per day (times four days).
Combivent inhaler 2 puffs q.6h.
Ativan 1 mg by mouth twice per day as needed (for agitation).
Folic acid 1 mg by mouth once per day.
Thiamine 100 mg by mouth once per day.
Prednisone taper consisting of 30 mg by mouth once per day times days; then 20 mg by mouth once per day times two days; then 10 mg by mouth once per day times two days; then 5 mg by mouth once per day times two days; and then stop.
Atrovent nebulizer q.6h.
Albuterol inhaler q.2h.
Albuterol nebulizers q.6h.
Aspirin 325 mg by mouth once per day.
