History of positive PPD status post six month treatment with INH and Rifampin.
Patient has insensitivity to Codeine which gives her GI upset.
True allergy to Penicillin for which she gets a rash.
Erythromycin for which she also gets a rash.
Prozac 60 mg p.o.
Neurontin 1200 mg p.o.
Clozaril 100 mg q.
AM, 400 mg q. PM.
Albuterol nebs p.r.n.
Risperdal 2 mg p.o.
Also prior use of LSD, cocaine and heroin use, but none in the recent past.
Patient received oxygen via face mask to keep saturations greater than 92%.
Patient received q. three hour standing Albuterol and Atrovent neb treatments.
Patient was started on Levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.
q. day and patient was also started on Solu-Medrol 80 mg IV q. eight hours.
Steroids, nebulizer treatments and antibiotics were continued as on the floor.
Patient's sedation is a possible contribution of patient's psychiatric regimen was considered and psych consult was obtained.
All other psychiatric medications were stopped.
Throughout this time, the patient slowly continued to improve in respiratory status requiring less frequent nebs and decreased O2.
The patient was transitioned from mask to nasal cannula where she continued to improve.
The patient was also started on Bactrim for PCP prophylaxis and other follow up chest x-ray showed no evidence of focal consolidation.
Patient completed a course of Levofloxacin which was stopped prior to discharge.
Patient was put on sliding scale insulin.
At time of discharge, the patient is saturating about 92% on two liters nasal cannula.
NPH insulin 8 units at breakfast, five units at dinner.
Risperdal 2 mg p.o.
Neurontin 600 mg p.o.
Clozapine 100 mg p.o.
AM, 400 mg p.o.
Fluticasone 112 micrograms two puffs b.i.d.
Lansoprazole 30 mg p.o.
Prednisone 60 mg q. day times 30 days then 15 mg q. day for three days than 40 mg q. day times three days, 30 mg q. day for three days, 20 mg q. day for three days, 10 mg q. day for three days then stop.
Guaifenesin 5 to 10 ml p.o.
Tylenol 650 mg p.o.
Albuterol and Atrovent nebs q. four hours p.r.n.
Alendronate 70 mg p.o.
Calcium Carbonate 500 mg p.o.
Vitamin D 400 units p.o.
Bactrim single strength tabs, one tab p.o.
Prozac 60 mg p.o.
Heparin 5000 units subcutaneous q.
