HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 45-year-old woman with a past medical history of back pain with pain medication addictions, who presented from an assisted-living facility with shortness of breath.
She was also pancultured, and given doses of levofloxacin and erythromycin.
Tramadol 100 mg po qid.
Klonopin 0.25 mg po bid.
Fluoxetine 20 mg po q day.
Benztropine 0.5 mg po bid.
ALLERGIES:  Penicillin and tricyclics - unknown reaction.
Differential diagnosis for this appearance is broad and included pulmonary edema, infection, and pulmonary hemorrhage.
She was started on the ARDS-NET ventilation strategy.
In light of the concerns for an infectious etiology, she was started on Levaquin and azithromycin.
After results of her sputum culture returned showing gram-negative rods, she was switched to Levaquin and gentamicin.
Her FIO2 and PEEP were weaned down throughout the course of the day, she tolerated this well.
Additionally, she was continued on Levaquin for the course of her stay in order to cover for an infectious etiology for her diffuse pulmonary edema, although her cultures returned negative.
A right radial arterial line and left subclavian central line were placed in the MICU.
The patient required dopamine for this episode of decreased blood pressure.
Initially she was started on hydrocortisone 100 mg IV q8h.
She was started on Ativan and Fentanyl to cover for benzodiazepine or narcotic withdrawal.
Initially her outpatient psychiatric medications were held with the exception of her fluoxetine.
She may well have taken excess medications without suicidal intent.
Recommendations from Psychiatry included continuation of standing Klonopin doses ordered, and monitoring for possible alcohol withdrawal with treatment of benzodiazepines per CIWA protocol if clear symptoms of withdrawal.
Levofloxacin 500 mg one tablet po q day x7 days.
Tramadol 50 mg two tablets po qid.
Fluoxetine 20 mg one tablet po q day.
Benztropine 0.5 mg one tablet po bid.
Ferrous sulfate 325 mg one tablet po bid, do not take at the same time as levofloxacin.
Clonazepam 0.5 mg one tablet po tid.
