Patient thus underwent a sphincterotomy and was admitted to the floor onto the GI service overnight for monitoring.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Hypertension, depression, early Alzheimer dementia, hard of hearing, status post prostate surgery, status post excision of bladder polyp.
HOME MEDICATIONS:  Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
once daily, Toprol XL 25 mg p.o.
once daily, Aricept 10 mg p.o.
once daily, calcium and vitamin D, multivitamin, Zoloft, dose unknown.
[**Name (NI) **] manages all of his own ADLs but does need some assistance with regards to his medications given his underlying dementia.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION TO THE INTENSIVE CARE UNIT: Heart rate 62, blood pressure 130/64, respiratory rate of 16, O2 of 99% on 2 liters nasal cannula.
Cannulation of the biliary duct was performed with a     sphincterotome using a free-hand technique.
Given the multiple filling     defects consistent with stones in the common bile duct, a     sphincterotomy was performed in the 12 o'clock position     using a sphincterotome over an existing wire.
ALT     preprocedure 260, post procedure 307.
AST preprocedure     189, post procedure 243.
Total bilirubin preprocedure     11.4, post procedure 3.7.
BICAP therapy was performed with     excellent control of the bleed vessel.
Sphincterotomy was done.
BICAP therapy was performed for hemostasis.
Following hemostasis patient's hematocrit stabilized.
PPI in addition to iron supplementation for acute blood-loss anemia.
Hypertension: Patient's Toprol XL was held in the setting of his GI bleed.
He was instructed to restart this medication at the time of the discharge.
Depression: Patient's Zoloft was held as his dose could not be confirmed.
Patient was instructed he may restart this medication when he returns home.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Iron 325 mg p.o.
Toprol XL 25 mg p.o.
Aricept 10 mg p.o.
Calcium with vitamin D 1 tablet p.o.
Multivitamin once daily.
You have been started on 2 new medications: Protonix 40 mg twice daily for 1 month, iron 325 mg once daily (This medication should be taken about 30 minutes after you eat.
