The patient was initially given intravenous fluids, resuscitated, and then started on dopamine which was eventually switched to Levophed to regulate her blood pressure.
The patient had originally been started on ceftriaxone, and vancomycin, as well as levofloxacin and Flagyl.
The patient was status post cholecystectomy; therefore, a right upper quadrant ultrasound was not done.
Upon transfer to the Medical Intensive Care Unit, vancomycin and ceftriaxone were discontinued.
The patient was kept on levofloxacin and Flagyl.
Abdominal pain and right upper quadrant pain persisted, but the patient was extubated on [**8-6**] and then weaned off oxygen over the next 24 hours.
Upon transfer, the patient did not complain of any nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea, dysuria, or any leg swelling.
Status post tubal ligation.
Status post cesarean section.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Univasc, insulin NPH 75/regular 25; 50 units q.a.m.
and 50 units q.h.s., Lasix 20 mg p.o.
q.d., aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Second set of cardiac enzymes:  Creatine kinase was 109, troponin was not done, MB fraction was 6.
Lasix was started on the day prior to hospitalization discharge which the patient tolerated well.
The patient tolerated incentive spirometry well.
FLUIDS/ELECTROLYTES/NUTRITION:  Intravenous fluids were run at 75 units per hour for 1 liter per day for the first two days.
The day prior to discharge, intravenous fluids were discontinued.
Rectal tube and Foley catheter were discontinued the night prior to discharge.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  The patient's first set of Clostridium difficile toxin per stool culture was negative.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  The patient was continued on gentle hydration per intravenous fluids for her recent diarrhea which was discontinued on the night prior to discharge.
The patient's first set of Clostridium difficile was negative (as noted above).
Therefore, the patient was continued on levofloxacin and Flagyl.
ANEMIA:  The patient had a hematocrit drop from 38.8 to 34.3 upon transfer, though it was stabilized on the day of discharge from a value of 34.1; therefore, the acute drop in hematocrit was most likely secondary to hemodilution due to aggressive intravenous fluid hydration in the Medical Intensive Care Unit.
ENDOCRINE:  The patient was put on an insulin sliding-scale regular regimen with fingersticks q.i.d.
The patient was also put on a standing dose of NPH 30 units in the morning and 30 units at night.
Therefore, no further intervention was done to that respect.
Moexipril 7.5 mg p.o.
Acetaminophen 650 mg p.o.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Metronidazole 500 mg p.o.
Levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.
Enteric-coated aspirin 325 mg p.o.
DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS:  The patient was to continue levofloxacin and Flagyl until the full 10-day course is completed.
In the meantime, the patient was to have all medications restarted as previously.
The patient was also instructed not to drink alcohol, as per drug reactions with Flagyl (disulfiram-like effect).
