He was brought to the Emergency Department, and his fingerstick blood glucose was 28, he was subsequently given D50 and was discharged home after correction of hypoglycemia, with recommendations to decrease his insulin dose.
In the Emergency Department, his BUN/creatinine were 173/20 and a Foley catheter was placed which drained 2 liters of initially chocolate-colored urine, which subsequently cleared.
NPH 40 units q.h.s.
), and regular insulin 14 units q.h.s.
Lisinopril 3.
Norvasc 10 mg p.o.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg p.o.
Acetaminophen 325 mg p.o.
General, the patient was intubated and sedated on presentation.
Given his good urine output after the Foley catheter was placed (2 liters drained), it seems that the patient's acute renal failure is secondary to obstruction, likely related to his benign prostatic hypertrophy.
Respiratory - The patient was nasotracheally intubated in the field for airway protection.
He was kept intubated for 48 hours, in case the patient developed pulmonary edema in the setting of acute renal failure.
After the Foley catheter was placed, and 2 liters of urine were drained out, his BUN and creatinine were checked daily.
Although the patient was definitely uremic, given the reversible nature of his obstruction, dialysis was deferred, given his good urine output.
A voiding trial was attempted on hospital day #8, and the Foley catheter was removed early in the morning.
A Foley catheter was replaced, with residual of 600 cc returned.
This was evidence that the patient had a bladder outlet obstruction and needs to have a Foley catheter placed chronically.
Urology evaluation and recommendations include discharge the patient with a Foley catheter in place for at least two weeks.
They recommended starting Flomax 0.4 mg q.h.s.
Urology consult felt that since the renal ultrasound was done after the Foley catheter was placed for bladder outlet obstruction (with return of 2 liters of fluid) that one would not expect to see hydronephrosis after the Foley catheter had been placed for acute renal failure secondary to bladder outlet obstruction.
Though the renal ultrasound, however, was done after the Foley catheter was placed with drainage of the latter.
Endocrine - Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, the patient's home dose of insulin is specifically Humulin/NPH 40 units q. h.s.
Since the patient's insulin was lingering around secondary to decreased clearance of acute renal failure, the patient's sugars were cautiously watched during this admission.
After the patient was transferred from the Medicine Intensive Care Unit to the floor the patient was started on NPH 7 units b.i.d.
It is recommended at rehabilitation, as the patient eats well and exercises more, that the patient's insulin dose be watched and increase and decrease for appropriate management.
Infectious disease - The patient was admitted with a white blood cell count of 18 and after the Foley catheter had dark chocolate-colored urine was drained, there was question of urinary tract infection as well.
The patient was started on Levofloxacin, at renal dosing.
The patient received a ten day course of Levofloxacin for urinary tract infection.
Hypertension - The patient's home medication dose of Lisinopril, Hydrochlorothiazide, Norvasc, and Aspirin were held while the patient was NPO.
For the hypertension, the patient was given Metoprolol 7.5 mg intravenously q.
After the patient passed his speech and swallow (bedside swallow examination) the patient was restarted on his Amlodipine 2 mg p.o.
q.d., Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg p.o.
q.d., and Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Pulmonary - The patient was nasotracheally intubated in the field secondary to protected airway.
The patient was on ventilation support for two days, and chest x-rays were sequentially checked, which were all clear.
The patient was also covered with Levofloxacin (which covered the respiratory Flora as well as urinary pathogens).
was attempted with thin liquids and pureed.
On [**2125-3-16**], we maintained the patient on NPO status.
assessment was again connected with thin liquids, pureed, and crackers.
He is still maintained on basic aspiration precautions, and should remain upright for all meals.
Physical therapy/occupational therapy - The patient was evaluated by physical therapy and occupational therapy, and physical therapy they felt that the patient had impaired functional mobility, impaired motor performance, and impaired cognition as well as knowledge deficit, recommended rehabilitation for range of motion, gait, and transferring as well as ambulating with assistance.
Occupational therapy evaluated the patient and felt that the patient had decreased impairment of his activities of daily living, decreased function mobility, and decreased cognition, recommended for rehabilitation upon discharge to maximize his functional mobility with a return home.
Both occupational therapy and physical therapy felt that the patient was not safe to be discharged to home, and that the patient was a great rehabilitation candidate, as he is able to participate, as a good baseline of function, and has very good family support.
His Foley catheter is in place which should definitely remain in place.
Acute renal failure, with decreased clearance of insulin which caused 4.
Hypernatremia secondary to post obstructive diuresis 9.
Heparin 5000 units subcutaneous q.
12 hours, if the patient is ambulating well q. day, deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis may be discontinued 2.
Ativan 0.25 mg p.o.
Tylenol 325 to 650 mg p.o.
4-6 hours prn 4.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Famotidine 20 mg p.o.
Norvasc (Amlodipine) 10 mg p.o.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg p.o.
Flomax (Tamsulosin) 0.4 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Senna 2 tablets p.o.
Lactulose 30 cc p.o.
NPH insulin 9 units subcutaneously b.i.d., this dose may be increased as needed to maintain adequate fingerstick blood glucose 13.
Regular insulin sliding scale, this should be checked for fingerstick blood glucose q.i.d., and given for sliding scale recommendations.
Of note, the patient had been on Lisinopril prior to admission.
If his creatinine decreases to within normal range, defer to primary care physician to restart Lisinopril as an outpatient.
