Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg once a day 2.
Tiazac 180 mg once a day 3.
A urinalysis was done which was yellow and cloudy with protein greater than 300, large blood, trace ketones, small bilirubin, pH of 5, specific gravity of greater than 1.030, large leukocytes, negative nitrite and greater than 50 white blood cells and red blood cells.
The patient was felt to have hypovolemic hyponatremia and was started on normal saline infusion with improvement of her sodium from 115 to 120, as well as improvement of her mental status.
The patient was given intravenous Zantac as well as Protonix for likely epigastric pain presenting as chest discomfort with no relief of her chest pain.
The patient was then given 1 mg of intravenous morphine which relieved her pain, but made her very drowsy.
The patient was taken off of aspiration precautions after a speech and swallow consultation.
She was given some hypertonic sodium chloride solution, 3% sodium chloride which also helped increase her sodium level.
The patient was found to have some congestive heart failure and was occasionally given Lasix diuresis as needed.
Cardiology was consulted in order to determine how best to manage her atrial fibrillation, aortic stenosis, but also given her contraindication to anticoagulation given her intracranial bleed.
At that point, cardiology's recommendations were to continue to rate control her with Diltiazem 180 mg q day and not cardiovert her secondary to the contraindications, as well as not give her aspirin secondary to her bleed.
The patient was treated for a urinary tract infection during the course of her stay with Levaquin 250 mg every day with a total course of seven days.
The repeat urine cultures showed no growth which indicated that there was adequate coverage with the antibiotic chosen.
The patient's electrolytes were monitored on a daily basis and repleted as necessary, especially in regards to her potassium phosphorus and magnesium.
The patient was able to tolerate a full diet without any difficulty and on [**2112-7-14**], her fluid restriction was removed without any complications upon her sodium.
Physical therapy and occupational therapy were consulted which recommended that the patient move on to an inpatient rehabilitation facility in order to regain her strength.
Calcium is 8.9, potassium 3.2, magnesium 1.9.
Levobunolol hydrochlorothiazide 0.5% solution, 1 drop on the left eye twice a day 3.
Levofloxacin 250 mg po x1 more day to complete a total of a seven day course.
