He also noticed that he took relatively large amount of Opiate pain medication that was prescribed to him postoperatively in a matter of 24 hours.
The patient upon his evaluation in the Emergency Room was very agitated, requiring Ativan and Morphine for his pain and agitation.
A couple of minutes later after these medications were given to the patient, he became more disoriented and confused, dropping his respiratory rate to 10/minute, requiring Narcan administration.
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  Status post umbilical hernia repair on [**8-14**].
MEDICATIONS:  On admission included Albuterol, Dapsone, Lasix, Spironolactone, Atenolol, Didanosine, Quinine Sulfate, Stavudine, Ursodiol and Tenofovir.
Incision of the umbilical hernia repair was clean, dry and intact without erythema, induration or drainage.
The next day after his admission he was noted to be still confused and disoriented and at that time there was a concern about his airway protection and the patient was electively intubated.
The liver team evaluated him at that time and there was a question of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis since the patient underwent the umbilical hernia repair a couple of days before.
He was tapped looking for infected ascites and the liver team that performed the procedure noticed that once they did the tap they absorbed fecal material making them think that they had entered the bowel.
This puncture was done with a 25 gauge needle so he was started on the appropriate coverage.
In an attempt to correct his respiratory issues, he was started on Propofol thinking that he might need some sedation.
Lactulose was started both through the NG tube and in enemas and over the course of the next 24 hours mildly decreased to a level of 250's.
This study was done as the patient was started on Dilantin to prevent further seizures.
Infectious disease was also consulted and they agreed with the antibiotic coverage suggesting to add Fluconazole to the antibiotics just to cover a potential fungal infection.
They manifested that it was the patient's desire not to be maintained on critical care support as well as ventilatory support in the event that he would have a complication related to his disease.
The Intensive Care Unit staff as well as the surgical staff discussed this with the family and they decided to extubate him and put him on comfort measures only.
