She was given sublingual nitroglycerin and Lasix with relief of symptoms.
She was also started on Lovenox.
The patient was given three sublingual nitroglycerin, Lopressor, Morphine with relief of chest pain.
Insulin dependent-diabetes mellitus.
Plavix 75 mg q.d.
Zocor 10 mg q.d.
Lovenox 90 mg subq b.i.d.
Hydralazine 10 mg t.i.d.
Digoxin 0.125 mg q.d.
Lasix 60 mg IV q.d.
Ultram 75 mg b.i.d.
ALLERGIES:  ACE inhibitor leads to hyperkalemia.
PHYSICAL EXAM ON ADMISSION:  Patient is afebrile with a blood pressure of 131/53, pulse 93, respiratory rate of 16, and 100% oxygen saturation on 3 liters by nasal cannula.
On lung exam, she has rales halfway up on the right and a quarter of the way up on the left with expiratory wheezes.
Cardiovascular examination shows normal S1, S2 with a 3/6 systolic ejection murmur at the right upper sternal border with a loud S2 and a displaced PMI.
She was medically managed with Heparin and Integrilin for anticoagulation initially.
The Integrilin and Heparin were discontinued after her CK peaked at 1800 the day after admission.
Patient was also maintained on aspirin, Plavix, and beta-blocker.
Initially, she was started on a statin, however, this was discontinued prior to her discharge as she is going home for hospice care.
Upon discharge the patient was on a regimen of 60 mg of Lasix q.d.
Aortic stenosis:  The patient had critical aortic stenosis on admission, however, she declined any surgery or any intervention.
She was medically managed with afterload reduction with the medications mentioned above.
Rhythm:  Patient was thought to be in atrial fibrillation, however, EKG was more consistent with a wandering atrial pacemaker as she was rate controlled on digoxin and beta-blockade.
Diabetes:  Initially, the patient was on a sliding scale of insulin.
She was then started on oral hypoglycemics for better blood glucose control.
It was also agreed as there would be no intervention for her cardiac disease per her wishes, that she would be most comfortable by going home with hospice care at home.
Aspirin 325 q.d.
Nitroglycerin 0.3 mg tablet sublingual prn.
Maalox as needed.
Colace 100 b.i.d.
Senna one tablet p.o.
Plavix 75 mg q.d.
Digoxin 0.125 mg q.d.
Protonix 40 mg q.d.
Morphine sulfate elixir as needed for pain.
Scopolamine patch as needed for airway secretions.
Tylenol as needed.
Tramadol 75 mg b.i.d.
Guaifenesin syrup as needed for cough.
Imdur 60 mg q.d.
Glyburide 10 mg q.d.
Lasix 60 mg q.d.
Atenolol 25 mg once a day.
