Of note, he has a questionable history of a pulmonary embolism approximately one year ago and had been on Coumadin for this in the past.
Coronary artery disease; status post two myocardial infarctions.
Status post prostatectomy for prostate cancer.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (on 3 liters nasal cannula at home).
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Medications on admission included glyburide 0.75 mg p.o.
q.d., Lasix 100 mg p.o.
q.d., aspirin 81 mg p.o.
q.d., digoxin 0.125 mg p.o.
q.d., Mavik 1 mg p.o.
q.d., prednisone 6 mg p.o.
q.d., amiodarone 200 mg p.o.
q.o.d., albuterol and Atrovent meter-dosed inhaler 2 puffs b.i.d., Lipitor 5 mg p.o.
q.d., Protonix 40 mg p.o.
q.d., Aldactone 25 mg p.o.
q.d., Advair meter-dosed inhaler 1 puff b.i.d., Lopressor 25 mg p.o.
b.i.d., iron 325 mg p.o.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Physical examination on admission revealed the patient's temperature was 97.9, heart rate was 76, blood pressure was 142/74, respiratory rate was 18, saturating 96% on 3 liters nasal cannula.
The lungs had emphysematous breath sounds with prolonged expiration with occasional anterior wheezing.
It was felt, based on the patient's history, there was no clinical suspicion of pulmonary embolism, so the patient had initially been started on heparin but this was discontinued early on in his hospital course.
Regarding the patient's cardiac history, the patient was diuresed aggressively with intravenous diuresis but was noted to be refractory to diuresis even with increasing doses of Lasix and Aldactone.
He still had difficulty with diuresis and was transferred to the Coronary Care Unit for more aggressive monitoring and diuresis.
In the Coronary Care Unit, he was admitted for Swan-Ganz catheter for further tailored diuresis.
A Swan-Ganz catheter was placed with initial readings with the right ventricle was 60/26, the pulmonary artery was 60/40, the wedge was 43, cardiac index was 1.6, cardiac output was 2.6, and systemic vascular resistance was 1350.
At this point, the patient was started on a Milrinone drip.
Also, a low-dose ACE inhibitor was added for afterload reduction.
The patient also was seen by the Electrophysiology Service during this admission, and the risk and benefits of electrophysiology study, and left ventricular map, as well as a biventricular pacemaker were discussed with the patient.
The patient's amiodarone was continued throughout his whole hospital admission.
Coronary artery disease; status post myocardial infarction.
Status post prostatectomy for prostate cancer.
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE:  (Discharge medications included)  1.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Digoxin 0.125 mg p.o.
Prednisone 6 mg p.o.
Spironolactone 25 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 200 mg p.o.
and amiodarone 100 mg p.o.
Atorvastatin 5 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Iron 325 mg p.o.
Senna one tablet p.o.
Albuterol inhaler 2 puffs q.4-6h.
Multivitamin one tablet p.o.
Calcium acetate two tablets p.o.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Metoprolol 25 mg p.o.
Lisinopril 5 mg p.o.
Bumex 1 mg p.o.
