She had a traumatic intubation complicated by significant post-intubation bleeding, requiring packing by ENT.
She had an elevated white count and had been transiently hypotensive requiring a short course of pressors.
She was treated for a total of seven days of antibiotics, Ampicillin, Levofloxacin and Flagyl for sepsis of unclear etiology.
She was kept off all anticoagulation and had daily packing by ENT.
She was treated with Lopressor, Nitroglycerin drip and Lasix, with improvement of her symptoms.
PULMONARY:  The patient had been status post traumatic intubation with significant posterior pharyngeal trauma requiring significant packing and ENT follow-up with a five day treatment with steroids to decrease the edema.
She was kept off all anticoagulation until ENT had finally said that it was reasonable to restart her on aspirin and Plavix that she had been on prior to her admission; however, the patient had been n.p.o.
With this finding, the Pulmonary Team was consulted and they agreed that bronchoscopy would be the appropriate treatment for the collapse.
In addition, there was some concern that the patient should not undergo bronchoscopy given this recent posterior pharyngeal trauma and the concern for re-bleed secondary to introduction of a foreign object.
Cardiovascular:  The patient has a history of coronary artery disease status post a two vessel coronary artery bypass graft.
She had been on an ACE inhibitor when she was taking p9o and she had also been taking an aspirin, however, these medications were held in the setting of her remaining n.p.o.
The patient was not started on a beta blocker as her heart rate had been bradycardic when she was monitored on Telemetry.
The patient had generally been asymptomatic with her bradycardia but we thought it reasonable in this patient to keep her off of beta blocker.
She was continued without any other cardiac medications given her n.p.o.
status is reversed, she can start on an ACE inhibitor and start on a low dose of Zestril 5 mg p.o.
She can also start back on Plavix 75 mg p.o.
Her usual dose of Lasix is 40 mg p.o.
Given that she is n.p.o., we have been keeping her on Lasix 20 mg intravenously twice a day which has now been titrated down to 20 intravenously q. day with good diuresis and decrease in her secretions.
She was asymptomatic during these episodes, but again we believe that she should be held off all nodal agents.
Neurological:  The patient has a history of cerebrovascular accidents in the past and had been on Plavix, however, we had kept her off the Plavix while she was n.p.o.
None of her medications would have been contributory.
She had no focal signs or symptoms of infection, but given that she had had the left lobe collapse, there was a concern of a ventilator acquired pneumonia or an aspiration pneumonia, and so she was kept on Ceftriaxone and Flagyl empirically for a seven day course.
She was monitored on a regular insulin sliding scale here and was covered for fingersticks greater than 200.
She had had acute episode of hypoglycemia and so we were more liberal with her sliding scales to prevent any hypoglycemic episodes.
q. day of Levothyroxine was changed to 37.5 mg intravenously q. day as this is the appropriate dosing from the changeover of p.o.
to intravenous dosing.
Once she was to the floor, she had no more signs of significant bleeding and did not require any further transfusion.
Nutrition:  The patient's nutrition issues was actually a rather big deal as she underwent a number of Speech and Swallow evaluations including video swallow studies, which showed that she had continued aspiration of secretions.
However, at the time of this dictation, it was thought that she could not take anything by mouth.
An OG or nasogastric tube could not be placed given that she had had this history of significant trauma to her posterior pharynx and we were concerned about the possibility of rebleeding.
Thus, she was started on total parenteral nutrition and at the time of this dictation she was on a regular course of total parenteral nutrition.
There was some concern about adding insulin to her total parenteral nutrition as we did not want her to become hypoglycemic.
We would like a goal fingerstick of less than 200 and insulin can slowly be added to her total parenteral nutrition as tolerated.
Thus, it is the goal with rehabilitation to titrate her total parenteral nutrition with insulin that her fingersticks remain below 200.
At rehabilitation, she will also need repeat Speech and Swallow evaluations as her delirium improves, so perhaps she will improve and not necessitate a PEG tube placement.
At the time of this dictation, we felt that a PEG tube would not be appropriate as it is likely that she will overcome this swallowing difficulty in the short term and we were also concerned that the procedure would put her at an increased risk of re-injuring her posterior pharynx.
At that time, she can have her Plavix and aspirin re-initiated.
She can also have her ACE inhibitor restarted, all when she tolerates p.o.
SURGERY:  Her major surgical intervention procedures were: Intubation and right nasogastric placement.
CONDITION ON DISCHARGE:   She is ambulating with Physical Therapy assistance, urinating and having bowel movements.
She should not get a PEG at the time of the procedure as it may cause further damage to her posterior pharynx, however, if her speech swallow function does not return, she may need re-assessment for a PEG and at this point the posterior pharynx may be healed enough that she would tolerate the procedure.
Combivent inhaler, one to two puffs q. six hours p.r.n.
Lamtidine 20 mg intravenous q.
Levothyroxine 37.5 micrograms intravenously q. day.
Regular insulin sliding scale with sliding scale beginning at fingerstick of 200 and going up by two for every 50 increments in the sugars.
Lasix 10 mg p.o.
Subcutaneous heparin 5000 units q. eight hours if she is not ambulating.
Zestril 5 mg p.o.
Plavix 75 mg p.o.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Folic acid 1 mg p.o.
Thiamine 100 mg p.o.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.
