Per Hematology recommendations, the patient was started on Lovenox on hospital day number five for continued anticoagulation in the setting of a deep venous thrombosis.
However, the patient's INR was noted to be elevated in the range of 2.5 to 2.7 while on Lovenox and the patient's anticoagulation was held and subsequently changed to low-dose Coumadin.
The patient's INR remained in the therapeutic range (2.0 to 3.0) with infrequent low-dose Coumadin (0.5 to 1.0 mg q.o.d.).
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  The patient was continued on Kefzol for a total of three days (antibiotic day number seven) given concern for potential right lower extremity cellulitis, seeding of the existing hematoma, and/or prosthesis infection.
Following the patient's initial temperature spike in the Medical Intensive Care Unit with an associated elevated white blood count, the patient remained afebrile, with occasional low-grade fevers and no further signs of infection.
The Kefzol was discontinued on hospital day number six, and no further antibiotics were prescribed.
NEUROLOGY:  Status post the [**Hospital 228**] Medical Intensive Care Unit course, the patient was noted with intermittent confusion and transient disorientation.
All sedatives and mind altering medications were discontinued; however, the patient continued to express concern with her "cloudy thinking".
CARDIOVASCULAR:  The patient was without further episodes of hypotension and was restarted on a low-dose beta blocker post non ST elevation myocardial infarction without complication.
The patient's aspirin was held secondary to increased risk for bleeding.
Status post right total hip replacement (secondary to osteoarthritis).
Coumadin 0.5 mg q.o.d.
Metoprolol 12.5 mg p.o.
Lansoprazole 30 mg p.o.
Librium 5 mg q.a.m.
(Please note, aspirin held secondary to increased risk for bleeding.)
INSTRUCTIONS ON DISCHARGE:  The patient is to be discharged to acute rehabilitation for continued physical therapy and medical management.
The patient will require daily blood work for monitoring of PT/INR with goal INR 2.0 to 3.0.
Please note, concern for infection in the patient's right lower extremity hematoma, particularly given the proximity of the total hip prosthesis.
