However, she did complain of nonproductive cough, nausea, and some diarrhea.
Breast cancer, underwent lumpectomy and radiation therapy.
Coronary artery bypass graft surgery with mitral valve repair.
ALLERGIES:  The patient is allergic to Penicillin which causes a rash and Compazine which causes neurologic symptoms.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Tylenol 325 mg as needed every four to six hours.
Sublingual Nitroglycerin although the patient states that she does not take this medication regularly.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
Metoprolol 12.5 mg p.o.
Ambien 5 mg p.o.
Hydralazine 50 mg four times a day.
Levothyroxine 125 mcg once daily.
Warfarin 2 mg Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Levofloxacin 250 mg p.o.
Metronidazole 500 mg p.o.
Fluoxetine 40 mg p.o.
Erythropoietin 4000 units Monday and Friday although the patient does not take this medication regularly.
Clonazepam 0.5 mg p.o.
The other medications were not changed.
She was continued on her antibiotics as described above.
Specifically, she continued her Levofloxacin and Metronidazole.
While in the Coronary Care Unit, the patient underwent thoracentesis which showed a mixed transudative/exudative picture consistent with both congestive heart failure and parapneumonic effusion.
She received intravenous bicarbonate with moderate correction.
However, following the angiography, her creatinine increased to slightly over 2.0.
After titration of beta blockade in the Coronary Care Unit, the patient was maintained on Labetalol 100 mg twice a day for a target blood pressure initially of 120 systolic, however, because of the patient's slightly decreased renal function, the upper limit of the target was set at 130 mmHg.
As reviewed with her family previously, the patient wished to have a DNR/DNI order implemented as she will not be a surgical candidate and does not want to be intubated or undergo any aggressive measures.
Mirtazapine 15 mg p.o.
Calcium Carbonate one gram p.o.
Metoclopramide 10 mg every six hours.
Labetalol 100 mg p.o.
Erythropoietin 4000 units subcutaneous every Monday and Wednesday.
Lorazepam 0.5 to 1.0 mg every four to six hours as needed for nausea.
Pantoprazole 40 mg q24hours.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
Levothyroxine 125 mcg daily.
Nitroglycerin sublingual tablets 0.3 mg every five minutes as needed for pain times three.
Acetaminophen 325 mg p.o.
