Patient was given aspirin, Lopressor, Lasix, intravenous nitroglycerin, after which ST segment depressions decreased from 1 to 2 mm.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Avandia, Vitamin B12 injections q. month, Cozaar dose unknown, multivitamin.
Patient was started on Integrilin and resumed on Plavix, Lopressor, and Cozaar after cardiac catheterization, with doses of Lopressor and Cozaar being titrated as blood pressure tolerated.
B.  Congestive heart failure:  The patient clinically appeared to be in congestive heart failure on admission, as she was requiring 100% nonrebreather face mask and had significant rales on physical examination.
The patient was given Lasix prn for a goal fluid balance of one liter negative.
The patient's oxygen requirement had decreased to room air prior to cardiac catheterization.
However, during a red blood cell transfusion, which the patient received after cardiac catheterization for a hematocrit of 24, the patient developed shortness of breath despite treatment with Lasix prior to transfusion and developed an increased oxygen requirement of four liters nasal cannula.
Despite Lasix diuresis, the patient persistently had an increased oxygen requirement of two to four liters nasal cannula.
Patient was then placed on a standing Lasix regimen of 20 mg po q.d.
It was decided not to tap the effusion, as it was felt that with returning cardiac function, post myocardial infarction and with adequate daily diuresis with standing Lasix, the patient's congestive heart failure and effusions would resolve.
With diuresis for congestive heart failure, the patient's BUN and creatinine were noted to rise from 33/1.4 to 57/1.6, sodium decreased from 132 to 126 (presumably secondary to diureses as well).
It was decided that diuresis would have to be continued at the expense of making patient prerenal in order to treat congestive heart failure.
The patient was transfused a total of four units of packed red blood cells during hospital course, and her hematocrit was 33.5 on discharge.
The patient was placed on Protonix for gastrointestinal protection.
Diet was advanced as tolerated post myocardial infarction.
Endocrine:  The patient was resumed on Avandia for diabetes.
Patient refused subcutaneous insulin sliding scale administration.
Prophylaxis:  Patient was placed on Protonix for gastrointestinal protection and subcutaneous heparin.
Avandia 4 mg po q.d.
Lopressor 50 mg po b.i.d.
Cozaar 75 mg po q.d.
Plavix 75 mg po q.d.
Aspirin 325 mg po q.d.
