HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is an 83-year-old male with a history of diabetes mellitus, steroid-treated polymyalgia rheumatica, hypertension, benign prostatic hypertrophy, and high cholesterol who presented for a lower extremity peripheral angiography for bilateral foot ulcers, and he was found to an evaluated [**Year (4 digits) **] urea nitrogen, and creatinine, and potassium.
The patient was referred to for Vascular consultation because of the ulcerations and pain and scheduled for a lower extremity angiography on the day of admission, but due to his renal failure the procedure was cancelled.
The patient denied any oliguria, hematuria, dysuria, foamy urine, flank pain, abdominal pain, or urinary hesitancy.
He denies any fevers, chills, recent infections, chest pain, orthopnea, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, hematemesis, melena, or hematochezia.
Diabetes mellitus times four years; recently started insulin and metformin due to his concurrent steroid use.
Benign prostatic hypertrophy, status post transurethral resection of prostate.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Methylprednisolone 4 mg q.a.m.
q.h.s., spironolactone 50 mg p.o.
q.d., metformin 1500 mg p.o.
q.h.s., Pravastatin 10 mg p.o.
q.h.s., lisinopril 20 mg p.o.
q.a.m., Lasix 80 mg p.o.
q.a.m., Tylenol as needed, insulin regular 22 units in the morning and 12 units at night (lispro regular).
HOSPITAL COURSE:   The patient is an 83-year-old male with a history of diabetes, steroid-treated polymyalgia rheumatica, hypertension, benign prostatic hypertrophy, and high cholesterol without presented to the hospital for lower extremity angiograph; however, that was deferred due to new onset renal failure.
RENAL FAILURE:  The patient was initially thought to be prerenal, and his renal status improved after hydration and increased oral intake.
The patient had a central line placed and went into sustained ventricular tachycardia that was treated with lidocaine.
After being treated with lidocaine, the patient became apneic requiring intubation and transfer to the Coronary Care Unit.
His nonsustained ventricular tachycardia was treated with a lidocaine drip.
Cardiothoracic Surgery was consulted, and due to the patient's acute illness, they wanted to re-evaluate after the patient was extubated.
He was continued on lidocaine and eventually changed over to amiodarone.
The patient did have a Swan-Ganz catheter in place and had a low cardiac output.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  The patient was initially treated with levofloxacin for a left lower lobe infiltrate and a urinary tract infection.
When the patient became hypotensive and required intubation and pressors, his antibiotics were broadened, and he was put on stress-dose steroids.
PULMONARY:  The patient required intubation in the setting of hypotension and ventricular tachycardia.
