No prior medical history of coronary artery disease.
A prior echocardiogram showed an EF of 30 to 35% with moderate LV systolic dysfunction with 3+ MR and 2+ AR.
She presented with one day of chest pain localizing to the mid / left side of chest.
The pain first occurred on the day before day of admission and resolved with two sublingual nitroglycerin.
The pain was associated with diaphoresis and was not radiating and was not associated with any nausea, vomiting, or shortness of breath.
The pain recurred at 5 AM on the day of admission and woke the patient up from sleep.
At this time, the patient did not take any medication, since the pain was relenting.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  In the Emergency Department the patient was found to be in atrial fibrillation.
In the Emergency Department and EKG was taken, which showed ST elevation in the septal anterior leads.
She was started on Heparin drip and Integrilin drip, finally with complete pain resolution.
Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
Right carotid artery stenosis.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  General appearance:  She was lying in no acute distress.
She appeared mildly anxious.
Heart:  Irregularly irregular, S1, S2 with a systolic murmur II / VI louder at the apex.
Extremities:  No edema and dorsalis pedis are palpable bilaterally.
EKG:  In atrial fibrillation with a heart rate of 127, normal axis, and normal intervals.
ST depressions in leads II, III, and aVF.
ST elevations in leads V1 through V4.
Increased fuzziness at the right base and 2 x 2 cm round opacity at the left upper lobe.
Left circumflex 60% stenosis after OM-1.
RCA 80% stenosis proximal.
BRIEF HOSPITAL COURSE:  Mrs. [**Known lastname 107933**] is an 87 year-old woman with a prior history of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation with no prior coronary artery disease presenting with angina, EKG changes and troponin higher than 2.0 consistent with septal anterior acute myocardial infarction.
At presentation the patient was chest pain free.
She could not be taken to cardiac catheterization immediately because of her elevated INR.
Also she was not started on 2B / 3A inhibitors or Heparin because of her increased risk of bleeding in the context of an elevated INR.
On the second day of hospitalization, the INR had decreased and the patient complained once again of chest pain which was treated with sublingual nitroglycerin and then with nitroglycerin drip with complete resolution.
Events of unstable angina prompted the team to take the patient to cardiac catheterization even though the INR had not yet achieved the goal value of 1.6.
Cardiac catheterization:  Three vessel coronary artery disease was found.
During the rest of her hospital stay the patient did not have anymore chest pain.
Rhythm:  On the day of admission the patient presented with atrial fibrillation.
Congestive heart failure:   On the third day of hospital stay the patient had one episode of pulmonary edema which presented with shortness of breath.
A chest x-ray was taken which showed increased vascular marking and encephalization consistent with pulmonary edema.
The patient was treated with morphine nitro drip and lasix to which she responded with an urine output of 1200 cc in four hours with complete resolution of the shortness of breath.
Anticoagulation:  The patient is being anticoagulated on Coumadin for paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
At the time of presentation her INR was excessively elevated at 3.4.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Lateral myocardial infarction / pulmonary edema.
