HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 69-year-old female with a past medical history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and hypercholesterolemia, who presented to the Emergency Department with three syncopal episodes.
The patient denied chest pain, dyspnea, vomiting, diarrhea, and visual symptoms in relationship to the episodes.
She did note heart palpitations after regaining consciousness, and she noted that she became diaphoretic and lightheaded.
Telemetry during these episodes revealed complete heart block with an atrial rate in the 60s and 70s.
There was no ventricular response for up to nine seconds during these episodes.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
Dry mucous membranes.
Cardiac:  Point of maximal impulse nondisplaced.
No murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
Jugular venous pressure inappreciable.
No carotid bruits.
Extremities:  No clubbing, cyanosis, or edema.
Dorsalis pedis 2+ pulses bilaterally.
Chest x-ray on admission:  Heart was mildly enlarged.
No congestive heart failure, focal infiltrate, or effusion.
No pleural effusions.
Cardiac:  Coronaries - No known history of coronary artery disease, however, patient has multiple risk factors including age and diabetes mellitus.
Was ruled out for a myocardial infarction by cardiac enzymes.
Rhythm - Patient had episodes of complete heart block in the Emergency Department.
The aortic root was mildly dilated as was the ascending aorta.
There was trace aortic regurgitation.
The mitral valve appeared structurally normal with trivial mitral regurgitation.
There was mild mitral annular calcification.
The tricuspid valve appeared structurally normal with trivial tricuspid regurgitation.
There was borderline pulmonary artery systolic hypertension.
There was no pericardial effusion.
Her oral diabetic medications were held on admission as she was to be NPO for the procedure, and will not be eating her normal home diet.
Complete atrioventricular block status post ICD placement.
Diabetes mellitus type 2.
