INTRAPARTUM HISTORY:  Significant for thick meconium with amnioinfusion being utilized.
There was fetal tachycardia and maternal temperature with a maximum temperature of 100.1.
There was facial bruising present.
Normal S1 and S2, no audible murmur.
Pink and well perfused with facial bruising.
No click or clunk.
Around 1-2 weeks of age she did develop a murmur that clinically is consistent with PPS as it radiates throughout the chest and is intermittent.
Respiratory:  Initially the patient required nasal cannula O2 for moderate respiratory distress.
Fluids, electrolytes and nutrition:  Soon after birth the patient was diagnosed with profound hypoglycemia requiring aggressive intervention with dextrose infusion up to D20.
and when she was transitioned to enteral feedings, due to poor p.o.
Around week two when her hypoglycemia stabilized, it became evident that the patient was still taking poor p.o.
The patient had an MRI of the brain as part of the evaluation for the hypoglycemia and that MRI was normal.
They saw no specific abnormalities but did recommend an upper GI with barium swallow, which was within normal limits.
Neurology was also consulted given the poor feeding and aside from some mild torticollis that they noted, they too agreed that the patient's examination was otherwise benign.
The Prilosec/Zantac combination improved her gastric pH and therefore the Zantac was discontinued but more recently her gastric pH has dropped and her Prilosec will be increased from 0.8 per kg per day to 0.7 per kg twice daily.
If her gastric pH remains borderline, we will restart Zantac.
If however the irritability and poor feeding persist, an esophagogastroduodenoscopy may be performed to rule out other anatomic or mucosal abnormalities of the esophagus and stomach prior to placement of the percutaneous gastrostomy tube.
Endocrine:  As mentioned above, the patient was diagnosed with a hyperinsulinemic state.
The neurology team has signed off, however if the patient continues to exhibit this behavior of irritability around feedings, they would like to see her again in their infant neurology program at approximately three months of age.
Infectious disease:  Give the respiratory distress at birth, the patient was treated with ampicillin and gentamicin for a total of seven days for presumed pneumonia.
