The patient was also complaining of lower extremity edema times two weeks as well as some mild dyspnea on exertion with occasional low grade fevers and worsening jaundice.
In the Emergency Department, the patient complained of a similar history complaining only of fatigue and denying melena, bright red blood per rectum, hematemesis.
No HAART therapy.
Diverticulosis complicated by diverticulitis, status post sigmoid perforation.
Congestive heart failure with an ejection fraction of 45 to 50%.
Upper gastrointestinal bleed with a history of Barrett's esophagus.
Anal human papilloma virus.
In general, a chronically ill appearing, mildly jaundiced male in no acute distress.
Slightly icteric.
Neck reveals no lymphadenopathy,  Cardiac is regular rate and rhythm, II/VI systolic murmur at the left sternal border.
Extremities 2 to 3+ edema at the knees bilaterally.
No asterixis noted.
Chest x-ray with no evidence of infiltrate.
An esophagogastroduodenoscopy shortly after admission showed varices in the lower one third of the esophagus with evidence of portal gastropathy, but there was no evidence of active gastrointestinal bleeding.
His anemia was felt to be primarily secondary to blood loss from a chronic lower gastrointestinal bleed, however, he was also found to have low grade hemolysis with an effective reticulocytosis.
His bone marrow biopsy showed hypercellular marrow with normal iron stones and a lymphoid predominance consistent with HIV.
There was no evidence of opportunistic infection or malignancy.
The patient had a colonoscopy which showed mucosal friability and ulcers in the region of his previously known sigmoid colitis.
The patient developed a Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus cellulitis at his intravenous site.
The intravenous site was removed, however, the patient developed Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia.
The patient developed acute prerenal azotemia during the course of his hospital stay which was felt to be secondary to chronic anemia.
He will likely require recurrent outpatient transfusion to maintain his hematocrit and prevent recurrent renal insufficiency.
Anemia secondary to lower gastrointestinal blood loss.
Hemolysis and hypoproliferative bone marrow.
Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia.
Congestive heart failure with HIV cardiomyopathy.
Cirrhosis secondary to ethanol abuse.
Peripheral neuropathy.
Acute renal failure.
