PULMONARY:  From a pulmonary standpoint, the patient had no further complications of pulmonary edema after discharge from the Medical Intensive Care Unit to the floor.
The patient completed a course of vancomycin for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia.
CARDIOVASCULAR:   From a cardiovascular standpoint, the patient had no recurrence of pulmonary edema.
He did experience episodic Wenckebach heart rhythm with a rate in the 50s with very rare sinus pauses.
They did not feel that there was need for pacemaker for bradycardia at this time, but rather suggested that the patient's amiodarone be decreased to 200 mg q.d.
He had several follow-up electrocardiograms that continued to show sinus rhythm with left axis deviation, intraventricular conduction delay, left ventricular hypertrophy by voltage, and ST depressions in V2 and V3 that were unchanged when compared to previous electrocardiograms.
The patient had no symptomatic complaints of shortness of breath or chest pain for the rest of his hospitalization.
RENAL:  From a renal standpoint, the patient was continued on hemodialysis through a tunnel Perm-A-Cath.
Nephrology followed the patient while in the hospital, and the decision was made that the patient would be discharged on hemodialysis through his tunnel catheter and would have both Renal followup and followup in Transplant Surgery Clinic for a possible arteriovenous fistula placement.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  From an infectious disease standpoint, the patient completed a course of vancomycin for methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia.
The patient had episodes of diarrhea while in the Intensive Care Unit.
ENDOCRINE:  From and endocrine standpoint, the patient had a negative workup for adrenal insufficiency in the Intensive Care Unit.
PSYCHOSOCIAL:  From a psychosocial standpoint, the patient continued to evidence a reluctance to participate in his recovery; refusing to wear BiPAP for his sleep apnea and refusing to work with Occupational Therapy and Physical Therapy.
The patient had already been started on Paxil for depression, and it was felt that his attitude was most likely secondary to his medical condition.
He began to show increasing interest in oral nutrition.
The patient was allowed an American Diabetes Association cardiac diet.
He should wear BiPAP at night for obstructive sleep apnea.
Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia.
Coronary artery disease, status post myocardial infarction.
Congestive heart failure.
Acute renal failure; on hemodialysis.
Atrial fibrillation.
Obstructive sleep apnea.
Anemia of chronic renal disease.
History of guaiac-positive stools.
