C section was performed due to previous C section.
Rupture of membranes was at the time of delivery.
No maternal fever was noted or other signs or symptoms of chorioamnionitis.
He was brought down to the NICU for a sepsis evaluation.
No cleft lip or palate noted.
No murmur appreciated at the time of exam.
Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended, no masses palpated.
Skin: Port wine stain lesion noted on the left buttocks and leg extending into the groin area, otherwise no other lesions or rashes noted.
Cardiovascular: He has had a soft murmur noted on exam.
He had 4     extremity blood pressures that were all within normal     limits and pre and post oxygen saturations that were     unremarkable.
Most     likely murmur is benign murmur and clinically     insignificant.
Infant was noted to somewhat mottled on     admission, but this appearance also improved with resolution     of febrile illness.
His     diet is Enfamil 20 or breast milk.
Hematology: On initial exam, he was noted to have a     large port wine stain lesion on the left buttock and     left leg extending into his groin area.
Infectious disease: The infant was admitted to the NICU     due to a fever of 101.4 on day of life 4.
Mom did not     have any risk factors for infection or chorioamnionitis.
On     day of life 5, it was noted that the CSF was positive     for enterovirus PCR.
A     repeat CBC was done showing a white count of 15.5, 85     neutrophils and 2 bands and 7 lymphs with a platelet     count of 231.
This is an infant with a febrile illness that presently is being diagnosed as enteroviral sepsis with positive enteroviral PCR in the CSF.
He     has positive Moro, positive suck, positive grasp.
Born between 32 and 35 weeks with two of the following: Daycare during RSV season, a smoker in the household, neuromuscular disease, airway abnormalities or school-age siblings.
Chronic lung disease or 4.
Hemodynamically significant congenital heart disease.
Before this age and for the first 24 months of the child's life, immunization against influenza is recommended for household contacts and out of home caregivers.
Term infant with febrile illness with the diagnosis of     enteroviral sepsis with positive enteroviral PCR in CSF.
Fluid and nutritional issues consistent with gestational     age and clinical course.
