It was attempted to take out her Foley; however, she did not urinate even with the stimulation of being up to the bedside commode, and when the Foley was replaced after six hours, she had more than 300 cc of urine; therefore, the Foley was left in place as she continued to have urinary retention.
While she was in the unit, there was concern that there may be an area of necrosis around the area of her left arm arterial line site.
Clinically she had very little improvement.
She continued to be globally aphasic with output completely absent and with the ability to follow only simple commands but breaking down when longer stage commands were given.
She continued to have a persistently elevated white count, and repeat infectious work-up revealed a normal urinalysis, normal blood cultures, but persistent large right pleural effusion which was felt most likely to be peripneumonic but continued to increase in size.
For this reason, diagnostic and therapeutic thoracentesis was undertaken on [**2134-3-28**], and at this time, 800 cc of serosanguinous fluid was removed from the pleural space.
The breakdown of the fluid revealed a protein of 4.4, glucose 111, and LDH of 300, suggesting an exudative effusion which would be consistent with peripneumonic effusion as previously suspected.
The fluid was sent for culture and sensitivity which is pending at this time.
The patient also continued to be on tube feeds which she tolerated well and had no further complications of her G-tube placement site which continued to be clean.
She was not able to ambulate on her own secondary to right hemiparesis.
Acute stroke most likely secondary to internal carotid artery dissection.
History of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
History of atrial fibrillation.
Right pleural effusion, results of culture pending.
Status post non-Q-wave myocardial infarction.
occur in this area, Plastic Surgery or another specialty should be consulted regarding the possible changes due to the radial artery occlusion previously seen at this site.
