CHIEF COMPLAINT:  Increasing signs of angina with shortness of breath and chest pressure relieved with sublingual nitroglycerin.
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Woman with known coronary artery disease, 15 year history, treated with sublingual nitroglycerin one to two pills in the past couple of years, murmur for many years, increasing angina over the past several months, although rarely at rest.
Cardiac catheterization done on [**7-19**] showed normal circumflex with some diffuse disease of the LAD and 99% RCA and a small but normal circumflex.
Coronary artery disease 2.
Aortic insufficiency 3.
Hypertension 4.
Hypothyroidism 5.
Hypercholesterolemia 6.
Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus 7.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Father died of heart disease, congestive heart failure at age 76.
GENERAL:  Active though decreased slightly due to increasing dyspnea.
NECK:  Supple, no jugular venous distention, positive murmur that radiates bilaterally in the neck.
HEART:  S1, S2, with a 4/6 systolic ejection murmur.
ABDOMEN:  Soft, nontender, nondistended, obese, hypoactive bowel sounds, no hepatosplenomegaly.
EXTREMITIES:  No clubbing, no cyanosis, bilateral pedal edema, no varicosities, positive spider veins bilaterally.
Bilateral murmur that radiates bilaterally to the neck.
On postoperative day 2, the patient was noted to have several episodes of rapid atrial fibrillation which were initially treated with amiodarone.
Along with her rapid atrial fibrillation, she had poor cardiac index and low SVO2.
By postoperative day 3, the patient was noted to have an increasing creatinine along with decreasing urine output and was kept in the Intensive Care Unit for aggressive pulmonary toilet, as well as monitoring of her cardiopulmonary and renal status.
The patient continued to have episodes of rapid atrial fibrillation requiring additional boluses of amiodarone.
She also did not tolerate these episodes and her cardiac performance diminished.
These episodes compounded her renal insufficiency as well as her respiratory compromise and on postoperative day 4 the patient was reintubated.
Over the nest two days, the patient continued to have episodes of rapid atrial fibrillation requiring additional boluses of amiodarone.
Her respiratory failure continued to worsen requiring increasing mechanical support in order to achieve adequate ventilation and despite these efforts, the patient developed an acidosis.
Over the next several days, the patient continued to experience intermittent episodes of rapid atrial fibrillation which were all treated with amiodarone.
From a renal setting, she was requiring increasing diuretics in order to maintain an adequate fluid balance with an increasing creatinine.
On postoperative day 8, she was noted to have a large amount of sinus drainage.
CT of her sinuses showed opacified ethmoid with air fluid levels.
Her milrinone was slowly being weaned and she was having less frequent occurrences of atrial fibrillation.
At that time, she was hemodynamically stable on no drips.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  Regular rate and rhythm, S1, S2 with a 3/6 systolic ejection murmur.
Coronary artery disease 4.
Aortic insufficiency 5.
Hypertension 6.
Hypercholesterolemia 8.
Insulin dependent diabetes 9.
