At 6:30 p.m., she was seen by her family and was noted to have difficulty speaking.
There may have been some right-sided facial weakness.
In the Emergency Department, she was noted by the Neurology resident and Stroke fellow to have Wernicke's type aphasia.
Given the fact that she had multiple vascular risk factors and presented within the thrombolytic window, she was given intravenous TPA.
Hidradenitis suppurativa.
General:  This was an obese African-American woman in no acute distress.
No carotid bruits.
There was a superficial nodule in the right groin area oozing some pus and blood.
She attended to the examiner but was difficult to formally assess attention due to her language deficit.
She was able open and close her eyes, but no other commands.
LABORATORY DATA:  On admission white blood cell count was 11.6, hospital course 39.1, platelet count 197; sodium 134, potassium 4.1, chloride 96, bicarb 28, BUN 19, creatinine 1, glucose 425; calcium 9.2, magnesium 1.4, phosphorus 4.2; PT 13.2, PTT 21.7; urinalysis showed [**12-13**] white blood cells.
In summary this was a 59-year-old woman with multiple vascular risk factors who presented with a Wernicke type aphasia.
Although the differential diagnosis included stroke versus seizure versus metabolic derangement, given her vascular risk factors, stroke was felt to be most likely.
CTA showed an area of stenosis at the origin of the superior division of the left middle cerebral artery.
Carotid ultrasound showed no evidence of carotid stenosis bilaterally.
A transthoracic echocardiogram was suboptimal due to poor echo windows.
She therefore went for transesophageal echocardiogram which showed a patent foramen ovale with an interatrial septum which was aneurysmal.
There was a bidirectional shunt across the interatrial septum at rest.
There was mild symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy.
There was mild tricuspid regurgitation and mild mitral regurgitation.
Given this data, it was felt that the most likely diagnosis was still transient ischemic attack or stroke possibly due to her paradoxical embolism across the PFO.
This was notable for an elevated factor 8 level of 342.
Hemoglobin A1C was elevated at 10.6.
Over the course of the first several days, the patient showed significant improvement.
Heme:  As above in infectious disease, the patient had a urinary tract infection on admission with Klebsiella pneumonia which was treated with Levofloxacin.
In summary, the patient is a 59-year-old woman with hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and diabetes, who presented with the sudden onset of language disturbance thought most likely to be a transient ischemic attack.
She has been found to have a PFO and will have anticoagulation.
Left MCA territory transient ischemic attack status post intravenous TPA.
Diabetes mellitus.
