Shortly after discontinuation of these three drugs, the patient's fever disappeared and he remained afebrile for about six days at which point he began to have a lowgrade temperature spike again.
Urinalysis showed 45 white blood cells in the urine, no yeast, some bacteria and no epithelial cells.
Before the above antibiotics were discontinued, the patient underwent full upper and lower endoscopy which revealed esophageal ulceration, negative for cytomegalovirus and inconclusive for herpes simplex virus by biopsy as well as inactive colitis.
Also while still on antibiotics the patient underwent a computerized tomography scan of the pelvis to look for possible osteomyelitis or fluid collection/abscess underlying the site of his sacral decubitus ulcers.
The computerized tomography scan of the pelvis was negative in this regard, however, it did reveal what appeared to be a right subcapital femur fracture.
After review of old films, review of new plain films by both Orthopedic Surgery and Musculoskeletal Radiology it was concluded that what was being called a right subcapital femur fracture may actually just be osteophytes.
In any event, even if what was seen on imaging did represent a right subcapital femur fracture, review of films revealed that this fracture is old and due to the patient's inability to bear weight, no intervention would be necessary.
The patient has abnormal gastrointestinal anatomy.
The reason for the gastrostomy tube was that the patient was noted to tolerate food relatively well with minimal aspiration or no aspiration while awake but since his mental status tends to wax and wane, he is unable to eat when he is weaning, it was thought best to place a gastrostomy tube for tube feeds.
At the time of this dictation the patient is afebrile, hemodynamically stable and his mental status appears to be greatly improved.
It should be noted that his mental status has been waxing and [**Doctor Last Name 688**] and is likely to wax and wane with good days and bad days.
