PNEUMONIA ISSUES:  The patient came in with signs and symptoms of a right lower lobe pneumonia.
She was initially treated with ceftriaxone and azithromycin (as mentioned above); however, she developed a rash on this and an eosinophilia.
She did have occasional wheezes requiring nebulizer treatments; however, this was felt to be likely due to hypervolemia in the context of fluid overload from vigorous fluid resuscitation.
Her white count actually climbed while she was called out on the floor up to as high as 30 with a strong left shift.
She had an abdominal and chest computed tomography which did not show any clear evidence of infection that persisted; although, she did have what looked to be like resolving congestive heart failure and lower lobe atelectasis.
She was initially anticoagulated, but this was maintained ultimately because she developed an upper extremity deep venous thrombosis.
UPPER EXTREMITY DEEP VENOUS THROMBOSIS ISSUES:  On [**3-2**], the patient developed left upper extremity swelling.
Follow-up Doppler studies showed no residual clot.
However, out of concern there was still residual thrombus, she will be maintained on Coumadin for the following three months provided there are no further thrombotic complications.
DEGENERATIVE JOINT DISEASE ISSUES:  On chest computed tomography, the patient showed a loculated effusion around her left shoulder.
An Orthopaedic Service consultation was obtained who felt the clinical picture was not consistent with septic arthritis.
She did have a shoulder magnetic resonance imaging that showed significant degenerative disease, but no evidence of infection.
QUESTION OF CLOSTRIDIUM DIFFICILE COLITIS ISSUES:  The patient did have one or two days of loose stools.
Given her significant leukocytosis and the loose stools, she was started empirically on Flagyl.
COAGULASE-NEGATIVE STAPHYLOCOCCAL BACTEREMIA ISSUES: There was one blood culture that was positive for coagulase-negative Staphylococcus.
It was likely that this was a contaminant and not secondary to true bacteremia.
However, she had been started earlier on vancomycin out of concern for a pseudomonal pneumonia.
This was continued until the day of discharge when follow-up surveillance cultures were negative to date, and there was no evidence of any bacteremia since the patient was afebrile, nontoxic appearing, and overall looked well.
