Closed head injury consisting of a left frontal subarachnoid hemorrhage which was stable.
Left elbow fracture.
Left distal radioulnar joint separation.
Altered mental status secondary to #1.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Examination on discharge includes in general the patient is wearing a cervical collar and appears alert and oriented x 1 and is in no acute distress.
Neck examination shows the trachea is midline, no jugular venous distension is noted.
Abdomen is soft, nondistended and nontender.
Extremities show no cyanosis, clubbing or edema, 2+ pulses are felt throughout.
There are no cerebellar signs.
LABORATORY DATA:  During his hospital stay laboratory and x-ray findings include a CT scan of his abdomen which was negative for any traumatic injury.
A chest x-ray was negative for any traumatic injury.
A CT scan of his chest showed a left scapular fracture.
A pelvic x-ray showed no fracture upon admission.
A CT of his head on the day of admission showed a left frontoparietal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
His left arm was tender and there was deformity of the left arm which was splinted.
His back showed no stepoffs but some mild thoracic tenderness therefore the patient was placed on cervical spine precautions and log roll precautions.
His rectal examination had normal tone without any gross blood.
His abdomen was soft, nondistended and nontender with normal bowel sounds.
His chest was stable and nontender without any abrasions, bruises or ecchymoses.
CT scan of his cervical spine from an outside hospital was reported to be negative for fracture.
An orthopedic consultation was obtained due to his left arm pain.
The x-rays of his left arm showed a left radial head fracture and this arm was splinted by orthopedics.
A repeat scan of his head after a reported witnessed fall was negative for any change from the previous study.
His right frontoparietal subarachnoid hemorrhage appeared to be stable.
The patient's scapular fracture was determined to be nonoperative.
The patient remained stable and was transferred to the floor, that is the unit CC6A, where his mental status remained altered likely secondary to his closed head injury.
Medications while in house included Ativan p.r.n., hydralazine and metoprolol to control blood pressure, morphine for pain control, Lovenox for DVT prophylaxis, ranitidine for gastric ulcer prophylaxis, a nicotine patch, and the patient's diet was advanced to a full house diet.
Upon clinical examination the patient had tenderness in the posterior neck region and was put back in his cervical collar.
