HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Mr. [**Known lastname 42907**] is a 65-year-old man with a history of diabetes, hypertension, high cholesterol, and paroxysmal atrial fibrillation who was a patient on the cardiology service the week prior to admission.
He was referred for catheterization following a recent positive stress test.
The findings at the time of catheterization include an ejection fraction of 60% and multiple lesions of his coronary arteries including the proximal LAD, the OM1, the proximal right coronary and the mid right coronary.
In light of his diabetes and three vessel disease, the decision was made to refer him to cardiac surgery for definitive intervention.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Notable for diabetes mellitus with neuropathy and nephropathy, high cholesterol, nephrolithiasis status post left ureteral stent with lithotripsy, benign prostatic hypertrophy, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation as recently as two weeks ago, positive exercise treadmill test, recent burn to his left foot.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  He is a mildly obese male in no acute distress.
His neck is without JVD, there is no bruit.
Heart has an S1 and S2 with a 1-2/6 systolic murmur on the left sternal border.
He was not currently having active symptoms and was felt that following his catheterization he was safe to be discharged home until the day of his operation.
They noted that he has a left first and second dorsal digital wound secondary to a thermal burn and they recommended that we continue treating this with wet to dry dressings changed twice a day.
They also noted that due to the nature of the injury it will take time to fill in the wound and to keep the dressing clean, dry and intact to prevent infection.
Later on that evening he was extubated without incident.
During his first postoperative day he had an episode of atrial fibrillation and was loaded with Amiodarone.
They recommended that the patient be continued on Amiodarone and in the event that he continues to have paroxysmal episodes of atrial fibrillation, that he be anticoagulated.
He had further episode of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation on the floor and for this reason the decision to start Coumadin was made in the event that he stays in a sinus rhythm for the next 1-2 months.
Non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, controlled.
Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
