HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Briefly, patient is an 80-year-old male with a history of coronary artery disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, gastroesophageal reflux disease, subacute bacterial endocarditis who presented with chest pain in the setting of taking Viagra.
This was associated with shortness of breath with no nausea, vomiting, diaphoresis, palpitations, or lightheadedness.
Patient was found to have a new right bundle branch block with Q-wave inversions in Lead III, aVF, and V1 through V4 with TWF in V5 through V6 and with no EKG to compare.
The coronary angiography revealed a right dominant system with LMCA that was normal, left anterior descending with minor disease, left circumflex with 80% lesion at D2 with TIMI 2 flow, right coronary artery with 50% mid lesion.
Coronary artery disease.
Gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Esophageal strictures.
Status post hernia repair.
Status post right wrist surgery with hardware placement.
ALLERGIES:  Patient has no known drug allergies.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Significant for father with cerebrovascular accident at age 72.
Son had myocardial infarction in 50s and daughter had lung cancer.
Patient is afebrile with temperature 97.8.
Neck is supple with no jugular venous distention.
Pacemaker placement is clean, dry, and intact with no evidence of oozing or hematoma.
Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended with normoactive bowel sounds.
His initial hypertension was felt to be secondary to periprocedure stress.
Additionally, a chest x-ray revealed proper placement.
Patient received four doses of Vancomycin and had no other abnormalities that were noted.
For diabetes patient was continued on a regular insulin sliding scale.
Coronary artery disease status post catheterization, status post stent to left anterior descending, and status post pacemaker placement.
Coronary artery disease.
Gastroesophageal reflux disease.
DISCHARGE CONDITION:  Stable, stable on room air, is able to ambulate without difficulty, is having no further ectopy on telemetry, is tolerating a regular diet, has had no further episodes of chest pain, palpitations, or other cardiovascular complaints.
