[**Name (NI) **] report from the girlfriend the patient began gargling and having rhoncherous breath sounds in his sleep.
A toxicology screen was positive for ethanol, cocaine, and opiates.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
Chest revealed equal breath sounds bilaterally.
No guarding or rebound.
Extremities no edema with 2+ peripheral pulses.
Skin revealed no rash.
Urine tox screen positive for opiates and cocaine.
Head CT was negative for acute process.
Chest x-ray revealed a question of a developing right lower lobe process.
Electrocardiogram revealed no acute ST or T wave changes and narrow QRS complex and sinus tachycardia.
The patient continued to be somewhat hypotensive in the Emergency Department and required Dopamine at 10 micrograms per kilograms per minute for support of blood pressure.
In the setting of the patient's history and laboratory values the patient's profound acidosis was felt to be secondary to a lacticacidemia from both hypotension and the possible rhabdomyolysis.
The decision was made to hyperventilate the patient to correct his acidosis as well as to slowly replete bicarbonate by intravenous fluids.
From a cardiovascular standpoint the patient's elevated CK with negative MB were consistent with rhabdomyolysis, however, there was a slightly elevated troponin value of .9.
This was thought to be a result of a troponin leak due perhaps to hypoperfusion of the coronary arteries.
Pulmonary:  there was concern for an aspiration pneumonia versus pneumonitis on the initial chest x-ray.
The patient continues to assert that he had been drinking the evening of his apneic episode, but denied additional substance abuse.
These laboratory findings were consistent with the previously considered ideas of shock liver as well as a mild rhabdomyolysis with lactacidosis.
The patient continued fluid resuscitation.
Additionally the patient continued Levaquin and Flagyl for a possible right lower lobe pneumonia.
Intravenous rehydration continued as a result of the patient's elevated CK and picture of rhabdomyolysis.
Troponin leak secondary to myocardial hypoperfusion.
Acute polysubstance intoxication.
Aspiration pneumonia.
