She got a sinus headache and took what she thought to be Tylenol Sinus, but instead it was another medication she had used in the past.
LP was negative for bacterial meningitis, continued on IV acyclovir until MS was cleared.
Persistent tachycardia did not respond to fluid resuscitation.
Mild rhabdomyolysis resolved with IVF.
CTA was negative for PE and transthoracic echocardiogram with preserved LVEF.
He reports that she was vaguely suicidal but had no real plans.
HEENT: Normocephalic/atraumatic, PERRLA, EOMI, no scleral icterus, moist mucous membranes.
NECK: No supraclavicular or cervical lymphadenopathy.
Moderate aeration.
Decreased breath sounds in lower lobes.
No masses or hepatosplenomegaly.
Diffuse abdominal tenderness.
SKIN: Pruritic, small erythematous lesions on forehead.
No rashes/jaundice otherwise.
MR HEAD WITHOUT CONTRAST  HISTORY: Barely responsive after possible ingestion of foreign substance.
Sagittal short TR, short TE spin echo imaging was performed through the brain.
Axial imaging was performed with long TR, long TE fast spin echo, FLAIR, gradient echo, and diffusion technique.
There is no evidence of hemorrhage, edema, masses, mass effect, or infarction.
No diffusion abnormalities are noted.
[**Hospital 93**] MEDICAL CONDITION: 52 year old woman with altered mental status, found down, etoh/tox negative, tachy, vomiting but protecting airway.
INDICATION: 52-year-old woman with altered mental status and tachycardia and vomiting.
Please evaluate for intra-abdominal pathology including colitis.
CT OF THE ABDOMEN WITH IV CONTRAST: The visualized portion of the lung bases demonstrates consolidative changes suggesting aspiration/atelectasis.
The liver demonstrates mild fatty change.
Branching hypodense tubular structures anterior to the portal vein.
The stomach, duodenum, and loops of small bowel and large bowel appear normal.
No free air or fluid is noted within the abdomen.
No pathologically enlarged retroperitoneal or mesenteric node is detected.
The aorta contains significant amount of calcification with no aneurysm or stenosis.
No free air or fluid is noted within the pelvis.
No pathologically enlarged pelvic or inguinal nodes are visualized.
BONE WINDOWS: No concerning lytic or sclerotic lesion is visualized.
No acute intra-abdominal pathology is noted including no appendicitis, cholecystitis, or colitis.
Branching hypodense tubular structures adjacent to the portal vein more likely represnt mild periportal edema (perhaps related to "fluid resuscitation") than intrahepatic biliary dilatation  .
PULMONIC VALVE/PULMONARY ARTERY: Normal pulmonic valve leaflets with physiologic PR.
The aortic valve leaflets (3) appear structurally normal with good leaflet excursion and no aortic regurgitation.
The mitral valve appears structurally normal with trivial mitral regurgitation.
There is no pericardial effusion.
No pulmonary hypertension seen.
EMS found bottles of vodka, but serum EtOH was negative, tested positive for benzos.
EKG revealed sinus tachycardia with normal axis & intervals, no ST-T abnormalities.
She was admitted to the MICU, for her altered mental status and sinus tachycardia.
She was to be monitored on the CIWA protocol for withdrawal, TSH was checked, and an MI was ruled out with serial enzymes.
She continued to be monitored for mental status changes and routine ICU monitoring.
In the MICU, patient continued agitated, confused, slurred speech with a labile mood.
She did have an elevated white count.
LFTs continued to reveal elevated ALT and AST.
Poison control center reported that zyprexa overdose can cause tachycardia and agitation.
The concern for an aspiration pneumonia was discussed when patient presented in MICU with elevated temperature, decreased breath sounds, however, CXR revealed no infiltrate.
Valium continued to be used for CIWA and acyclovir for possible HSV meningitis.
Psychiatry evaluated the patient and identified a long h/o EtOH dependence as well as a h/o major depressive episodes that occurred during active alcohol abuse.
Patient reported to psych that the ingestion was intentional but that she regreted the overdose and is motivated to receive substance abuse treatment.
Tachycardia also showed marked improvement and she continued to be treated empirically for a possible aspiration pneumonia for 7 days.
She continued to be persistently tachycardic but asymptomatic, and was bolused to no effect.
CTA to r/o PE instead revealed emphysema.
Echo to assess for dilated cardiomyopathy was normal.
She arrived on the floor, one day prior to discharge, with persistent sinus tachycardia and hypertension, for which she was placed on metoprolol.
She continued stable on the floor throughout her stay, with some persistent, asymptomatic sinus tachycardia, possibly secondary to benzodiazepine withdrawal.
Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed for Pain or fever.
Secondary: hypertension sinus tachycardia Sinus headaches   Discharge Condition: Good, no withdrawal symptoms with follow-up arranged.
Please return to the ED or call your doctor, if you experience chest pain, palpitations, shortness of breath, or any other concerning symptoms.
