He was found unresponsive by emergency medical technicians, bleeding from the face.
A CT scan of the head there demonstrated a small right frontal intracranial hemorrhage and possibly an epidural hematoma.
He denied any chest pain, shortness of breath or abdominal pain.
He did complain of neck discomfort with movement and turning, and a cervical collar was placed.
He also complained of face pain secondary to bruising and lacerations where he fell.
He denied any headache, vision changes, weakness or dizziness.
Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia with recurrent epistaxis.
Mild dementia.
ALLERGIES:  The patient has no known drug allergies.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat: Right side of face with periorbital zygoma in chin with swelling and ecchymosis, superficial abrasion, sutured laceration around 2.5 cm along the right brow, pupils equal, round, and reactive to light and accommodation, extraocular movements intact, anicteric sclerae, tympanic membranes clear without hemotympanum, moist mucous membranes, no oral lesions noted.
Neck:  Supple, no cervical spine tenderness, no step-off or deformity, cervical collar in place.
Chest: Slightly decreased breath sounds at bilateral bases, otherwise clear to auscultation bilaterally.
Extremities:  Warm and well perfused, no cyanosis, clubbing or edema, abrasion noted on left forearm, dressed with Tegaderm.
Neurologic examination:  Alert and oriented to person and place, amnestic to events which brought him to the hospital and there is some confusion about the events at the outside hospital and transfer to this hospital, cranial nerves II through XII intact but there is a slight decrease in the left nasolabial fold which may be secondary to swelling on the right side of the face; patient has good strength throughout, [**4-24**], and sensation is intact to light touch; patient follows commands appropriately.
LABORATORY DATA:  Admission white blood cell count was 9.5 with 87 neutrophils 1 band and 3 lymphocytes, hematocrit 31.2, platelet count 183,000, sodium 141, potassium 4.1, chloride 104, bicarbonate 25, BUN 16, creatinine 1.4, glucose 181, lithium level 0.5, prothrombin time 11.3, INR 0.8, partial thromboplastin time 24.3, CK 27, no MB, no troponin.
Electrocardiogram:  Demand pacing at 70 beats per minute, left axis deviation, no acute ST-T wave changes noted.
CT scan of the head at outside hospital:  Small right frontal area with high intensity, representing blood; unclear whether this is an intraparenchymal or epidural hematoma secondary to atrophy of the brain.
Cervical spine:  Negative for fracture, normal alignment, degenerative joint disease throughout.
A repeat CT scan demonstrated interval decrease in the size of previously described extra-axial hemorrhage with possible intra-axial component along the anterior aspect of the right frontal lobe, no new areas of hemorrhage were identified.
Neurosurgery signed off care of this patient as there were no acute neurosurgical issues.
Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia with recurrent epistaxis.
