Prenatal screens revealed B positive, antibody negative, hepatitis B surface antigen negative, Rubella immune, rapid plasma reagin nonreactive, and group B strep status unknown.
The patient was admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit on the day of delivery and treated with oxygen for a course consistent with transitional tachypnea of newborn and received 48 hours of antibiotics.
Bandemia on the day of delivery which showed 27 polys, 27 neutrophils, and 9 bands.
At the time of admission the infant was also noted to have spontaneous desaturations with cyanosis.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Physical examination on admission revealed a pink, large for gestational age, well-appearing infant in no acute distress.
On day of life four, the infant had a erythematous macular eruption over his torso and extremities.
No grunting, flaring, or retracting.
Cardiovascular examination revealed a grade 2/6 systolic murmur.
The abdomen was soft and nondistended.
RESPIRATORY ISSUES:  Respiratory examination revealed the infant was placed on low-flow nasal cannula receiving 13 cc to 50 cc for desaturations.
The infant did not have bradycardia during this hospitalization.
CARDIOVASCULAR ISSUES:  Cardiovascular examination revealed the infant noted to have a systolic murmur that was still noted on day of life four.
The infant received an electrocardiogram which revealed a superior access.
The infant was tolerating feedings without difficulty.
GASTROINTESTINAL ISSUES:  The infant was noted to have a loose stool on day of life seven which resolved by day of life nine.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:On day of life four, the infant was noted to have an elevated temperature to 101 rectally.
Due to an elevated temperatures and desaturations, a lumbar puncture was done which showed 4 white blood cells, 1 red blood cell, 33% polys, 1% bands, a protein of 87, and a glucose of 48.
Stool was sent for a viral culture on day of life nine, and there was no virus isolated so far.
The infant developed an intravenous infiltrate in the right foot and was receiving Bacitracin at the time of this dictation.
Rule out cardiac anomaly; ruled out.
Presumed viral infection- ?
