Respiratory distress - LLL pneumonia and COPD exacerbation.
Respiratory acidosis improved.
Pt started on Levo 250mg qd (renally dosed) for LLL pneumonia for 14 days total with Prednisone 60mg qd x 2 weeks total, careful to tightly control blood sugars.
Then she became increasingly agitated which was likely secondary to CO2 narcosis.
She was started on BiPAP for increasing respiratory distress and agitation and she improved on BiPAP however as she became increasingly agitated she would not keep the BiPAP on.
The next day her resp status remained stable with intermitent distress requiring BiPAP and then she was noted to go into rapid afib which was controlled with diltiazem and then she was transferred to the MICU for further monitoring.
Her respiratory distress was stable in the unit, but as she could not tolerate BiPAP this was held and her resp status improved with IV steroids and adding ceftriaxone as she now had a new RML pneumonia.
Atrial fibrillation- she had an acute episode of rapid afib during her respiratory distress that improved with diltiazem and rate control and she had an echo which was otherwwise normal.
Urinary tract infection- patient came in with a UTI by her urinalysis but she remained covered for UTI with her antibitoics for her pneumonia.
Delerium- on admission came in very confused and was most likely secondary to acute infection and CO2 retention from her COPD- as her infection was treated and her COPD was managed with BiPAP, steroids, nebulizers and supplemental O2.
Diabetes - her diabetes remained stable while here even with steroids.
Hypernatremia- she had slight;y elevated sodiums which remained stable with encouraged hydration.
Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q4-6H (every 4 to 6 hours) as needed for fever, pain.
Albuterol Sulfate 0.083 % Solution Sig: One (1)  Inhalation every six (6) hours as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing.
Ipratropium Bromide 0.02 % Solution Sig: One (1)  Inhalation Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed for shortness of breath or wheezing.
Lactulose 10 g/15 mL Syrup Sig: Thirty (30) ML PO QD (once a day) as needed for constipation.
Albuterol 90 mcg/Actuation Aerosol Sig: 1-2 Puffs Inhalation Q4-6H (every 4 to 6 hours) as needed for SOB/wheezing.
COPD Exacerbation.
Urinary Tract Infection.
CHF - EF unknown.
Diabetes Mellitis.
Discharge Instructions: Please return to hospital or call your doctor if you experience shortness of breath, chest pain, pain or burning with urination, arm or jaw pain, sweating, palpitations.
