She was admitted with symptoms of atypical chest pain approximately one week ago.
A stress echocardiogram at that time showed anterior septal abnormalities.
No intervention was undertaken.
The patient presented on the day of admission, seven days after starting the ACE inhibitor and beta blocker, with the complaint of neck swelling.
She awoke on the day of admission with upper lip, lower lip and left facial swelling that had progressed over the course of the morning.
She denied having wheezing or stridor.
Gastroesophageal reflux disease.
ALLERGIES:  Intravenous dye caused immediate nausea, vomiting and facial flushing.
There was a question of lidocaine versus epinephrine, which caused a hypertensive response at the dentist's office.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Her mother died of coronary artery disease in her 50s.
She also had a diagnosis of ocular cancer.
The patient's sister had a diagnosis of coronary artery disease at age 48 and had also had two cerebrovascular accidents.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On admission, the patient was noted to be hypertensive at 156/73 with an oxygen saturation of 100% on six liters by nasal cannula.
The lung examination was without wheezes or stridor.
On HEENT examination, there was marked swelling of the left face and upper and lower lips.
There was no swelling of tongue or oropharynx.
There were no other areas of swelling.
Examination on discharge revealed the patient to be afebrile with a temperature of 97.7?????
There was interval decrease in left cheek swelling with no pharyngeal bulge.
The neck was supple with no lymphadenopathy or swelling.
The lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally with no wheezing and good air exchange.
The cardiovascular examination revealed a regular rate and rhythm with a normal S1, normal S2, no S3, no S4 and no murmurs.
There were no bruits.
The abdomen was soft, nontender and nondistended with normal active bowel sounds.
The extremities revealed no clubbing, no cyanosis and no edema.
There were [**1-4**] dorsalis pedis and posterior tibial pulses.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted and started on intravenous Solu-Medrol, Zantac and Benadryl with interval decrease in the swelling of her face.
Angioedema secondary to ACE inhibitor use.
Coronary artery disease.
Gastroesophageal reflux disease.
