She had some relief for one month, but then developed serious symptoms of heartburn along with choking and coughing.
No hiatal hernia was evident.
No nausea, vomiting or dysphagia.
The procedure went well, however there was extensive scarring anf a gastrotomy was inadvertently created and repaired primarily.
Due to her persistent pain, the pain service saw and evaluated her.
They performed trigger point injections at the bedsise (these had worked for her in the past), along with Valium and a lidoderm patch.
On POD3, she continued to have left sided chest pain.
An upper GI study demonstrated a small distal esophageal vs GE junction leak and a chest X-ray shoed a large left pleural effusion.
A CT scan showed that the left pleural collection was loculated with air, suggesting a leak into the left chest from an esophageal perforation.
Later that day, she had an esophagoscopy, left thoracoscopy with partial decortication of lung, limited left thoracotomy with repair of diaphragmatic defect, and an exploratory laparotomy with omental flap and wide drainage.
Vancomycin, Zosyn, and Flagyl were started empirically for her pleural fluid collection.
Her tachycardia was thought to be due to pain and her fever was expected given her course.
She had a small air leak, but a chest X-ray showed no pneumothorax.
On POD 9,6 she had an UGI demonstrated a persistent small leak just superior to the prior Nissen fundoplication, not significantly changed compared to the prior study, and the passage of contrast through GE junction was smooth.
On POD 11,8 a chest X-ray showed a continued small loculated hydropneumothorax associated with atelectasis in the left lung base.
A CT scan shwed a linear small area of oral contrast extravasation just above the wrap of the Nissen fundoplication connecting to a small pocket of air just below the diaphragm, consistent with a small leak.
There was also an interval reduction in size of left-sided hydropneumothorax and a split pleura sign surrounding left effusion, suggestive of a complex exudative effusion such as empyema.
Later that day she had an ultrasound guided pleural fluid aspiration of 2cc of serosanguinous fluid that did not grow anything on culture.
In addition, a CT of her sinuses was normal (she has chronic sinusitis and was complaining of symptoms).
She was afebrile with a nromal WBC.
On POD 19,16 she was experiencing some reflux symptoms, which was to be expected.
Colace 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO twice a day as needed for constipation for 2 weeks.
Disp:*30 Capsule(s)* Refills:*2*   Discharge Disposition: Home With Service  Facility: [**Hospital 119**] Homecare  Discharge Diagnosis: GERD   Discharge Condition: Good   Discharge Instructions: Please call or come to the ED with any fevers > 101, increased pain, nausea, vomiting, or redness around your incision.
Please do not eat crackers, chips, or doughy foods.
