Gastrointestinal:  The patient was transferred to the medical unit with pancreatitis and hepatitis felt secondary to chronic alcoholism.
His transaminitis and pancreatic enzymes trended downward throughout the rest of his hospital course.
The patient also had a history of a gastrointestinal bleed in the Emergency Department on admission.
There was no evidence of esophageal varices.
The stomach showed mucosa consistent with portal gastropathy.
There was a submucosal nonbleeding 2 cm mass of benign appearance found at a second part of the duodenum.
This lesion was felt to be consistent with lipoma versus other submucosal lesions including GIST.
Gastrointestinal recommended continuing Protonix for acid suppression.
The patient should follow up with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] for an endoscopic evaluation of submucosal duodenal mass.
By hospital day fourteen the patient no longer had an oxygen requirement with an oxygen saturation of 95% on room air.
On hospital day fifteen, the patient had an episode of oxygen desaturation to the upper 80s.
At that time, the patient had a slight fever of 99.2 Fahrenheit.
A chest x-ray was ordered and was consistent with aspiration pneumonia.
The patient has improved until the time of discharge when the patient is afebrile and currently has no oxygen requirement.
Hematology:  The patient was transferred to the medical team with anemia, thrombocytopenia and leukopenia.
It was felt that the anemia was multifactorial with components of bone marrow suppression secondary to alcohol abuse, anemia of chronic disease and recent GI bleed.
Cardiac:  The patient's cardiac problems at the time of transfer a run of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia and hypertension.
During the remainder of his hospital stay the patient had several runs of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia.
In light of rhe fact that these runs of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia, the patient had a prior echocardiogram with no evidence of structural cardiac abnormalities, and the patient has no history of coronary artery disease.
It was felt that this did not put the patient at risk for more serious cardiac arrhythmias.
The patient also had slightly low potassium and magnesium levels at the time of transfer.
At the time of discharge the patient's nonsustained ventricular tachycardia had resolved.
The patient understands that his alcohol abuse is the cause of his medical problems and expresses wishes not to drink anymore.
Weakness:  It was felt that the patient's generalized weakness was due to disuse, atrophy from his greater then two week hospital course.
They request that the patient have a short term rehab stay to enable an eventual discharge home.
DISCHARGE STATUS:  Transfer to short term rehab facility.
