He apparently landed on his head and had documented loss of consciousness and was found confused with significant blood loss on the back of his head.
Initially, the patient was not moving his bilateral lower extremities but was eventually noted to have movement in his lower extremities in the Emergency Department.
In general, a confused male in no acute distress.
Head, eyes, ears, nose, and throat revealed blood coming from his ear and occipital laceration.
No deformities or crepitus.
Rectal revealed guaiac-positive stool.
Extremities revealed a left forearm laceration, but moved all extremities to pain stimuli.
RADIOLOGY/IMAGING:  Initial chest x-ray showed no pneumothorax, no widened mediastinum.
Pelvis showed possible bilateral superior and inferior pubic rami fractures.
CT of head showed a subarachnoid bleed with basilar skull fracture.
A CT of the chest showed a fracture of multiple thoracic vertebrae, hemothorax on the right.
CT of the abdomen showed no intra-abdominal injury.
A liver mass; possible tumor or contusion.
CT of the abdomen also revealed L3 lumbar body compression fracture, bilateral pubic rami fractures, bilateral two sacral fracture.
IMPRESSION:  A 72-year-old male, status post approximately 12-foot to 20-foot fall with subarachnoid hemorrhage, basilar skull fracture, multiple thoracic and lumbar spine fractures, bilateral pubic rami fractures, and altered mental status.
The patient was intubated for altered mental status and to facilitate obtaining the studies.
The patient became hemodynamically unstable while in the Emergency Department and was transferred initially to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit where he had a Swan-Ganz catheter placed to optimize fluid management.
The patient was found to have a very poor ejection fraction and required fluid and pressors to maintain his blood pressure.
The patient was not felt to be hemodynamically unstable due to blood loss, but a chest tube was placed in his right chest to relieve the hemothorax, but there was not noted to be excessive blood loss in his right chest tube.
NEUROLOGY:  The patient was found to have a subarachnoid hemorrhage.
In addition, a Neurosurgery consultation was obtained which noted bilateral frontal contusions, a right subdural hematoma, and had a ventriculostomy shunt placed.
He remained unresponsive for the initial part of his hospital course and was not moving his extremities except his left upper extremity to deep painful stimuli.
The patient began growing rare enterococcus out of his cerebrospinal fluid and was treated with a course of antibiotics for this.
A repeat CAT scan of his head showed mild improvement in his injuries with no worsening.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  The patient was noted to have an initial episode of hypotension and was managed with a Swan-Ganz catheter, intravenous fluids, and pressors.
His echocardiogram showed global hypokinesis with an ejection fraction of just less than 20%, and he was eventually weaned off of his pressors.
He was not felt to have any ongoing blood loss as the cause of his hemodynamics.
It was felt that the stress of the trauma combined with his poor cardiac function at baseline prevented him from compensation and to maintain appropriate cardiac output.
RESPIRATORY:  The patient's course was complicated by a right hemothorax for which a chest tube was placed and successfully drained.
The patient did develop ventilatory-associated pneumonia and grew out methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus as well as Pseudomonas.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  The patient had no evidence of intra-abdominal injury and tolerated tube feeds intermittently throughout his stay.
The patient was continued throughout the course but did develop a Clostridium difficile colitis due to his multiple antibiotic regimen for his ventilatory-associated pneumonia.
ORTHOPAEDIC:  The patient had operative repair of both his thoracic spine fractures and his sacral fracture.
He had a spinal fusion of thoracic 5 through 8 for unstable fractures as well as stabilization of S1 pedicle fractures.
The patient was not noted to have any further orthopaedic injuries.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  As stated, the patient had multiple infections including ventilatory-associated pneumonia and enterococcus bacteremia and enterococcus in his cerebrospinal fluid.
The patient had a full course of antibiotics to treat this with good improvement and sterilization of his cerebrospinal fluid and blood.
Ventilator-associated pneumonia was treated with vancomycin and imipenem; although he did maintain persistently positive cultures while on this regimen.
He developed Clostridium difficile colitis from the multiple antibiotic regimens and was started on Flagyl which was be continued at the time of this dictation.
The patient was started on erythropoietin as it was felt by his cardiologist that optimization of his oxygen carrying capacity would help his poor ejection fraction and overall oxygenation.
The patient was started on erythropoietin, and his hematocrit stabilized at approximately 30, requiring no further transfusions.
His coagulation studies remained stable, and he had no further hematologic issues.
His multiple orthopaedic injuries were either fixed or immobilized including operative repair/internal fixation of his thoracic spine and lumber spine.
The patient was treated for multiple infections, and final recommendations as to the course of his antibiotics will be contained in a follow-up Discharge Summary.
