Multiple attempts at intubation were Hospital with an oral pharyngeal airway.
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  The patient has no known past surgical history.
MEDICATIONS:  The patient has no medications.
ALLERGIES:  The patient has no known drug allergies.
The patient was intubated and unresponsive with a GCS of 3.
He had external facial ecchymoses and edema.
Pupils were 2 mm and nonreactive.
There was an OG tube and cric in place with minor subcutaneous air in the left neck.
There was no bleeding from the trach.
Extremities, he had palpable dorsalis pedis, posterior tibial, radial and femoral pulses bilaterally.
There were no deformities, lacerations or ecchymoses in the extremities.
Blood tox showed an ethanol level of 255 and urine tox was positive for barbiturates.
Arterial blood gases was 7.19; PCO2, 41; PO2, 76; CO2, 16 and base excess at a negative 11.
Lactate was 6.0  Chest x-ray was clear with no pneumothorax and normal mediastinum.
Pelvic films showed no dislocation of fracture.
CT of the head showed no mass or shift.
There was bilateral interventricular blood in the occipital horns with subarachnoid hemorrhage in the suprasellar cistern.
No hydrocephalus or herniation.
There were multiple skull base fractures with opacification of the sphenoid sinus and right auditory canal plus middle ears.
CT of the C spine showed multiple fractures in the paranasal sinuses, the skull base and the region of the medial sphenoid, temporal and occipital bones.
There was minimally displaced fracture of the lateral mass of C2.
Chest x-ray showed no pneumothorax.
CT of the chest, abdomen and pelvis showed extensive upper mediastinal emphysema likely secondary to tracheostomy.
No evidence of aortic injury.
Lung windows showed dependent atelectasis and multiple areas of parenchymal contusion.
There was some free fluid and free air at the DPL site.
The patient was also seen by Plastic Surgery for his facial fractures determined to be LeFort type III fractures and he was scheduled for surgery.
The various consult services continued to see the patient including Maxillofacial Surgery for jaw fractures.
