The patient presented for an elective aortic aneurysm repair that was complicated by intraoperative bleeding secondary to left iliac artery injury at the outside institution.
The patient had a shocked liver with a transaminase in the 7000's.
Also, acute renal failure ensued.
The patient developed pulmonary edema, pseudomonal pneumonia which was treated at the outside institution with Zosyn and Cipro.
The patient developed a septic shock picture on [**1-16**] which required pressor support.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Hypercholesterolemia, type II diabetes, hypertension, colon cancer, coronary artery disease, status post myocardial infarction, peripheral vascular disease.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
He had decreased breath sounds at bilateral bases.
Abdomen was soft and distended.
There was 2+ edema with dopplerable PT and DP bilaterally.
Cardiovascularly, the patient had intermittent uses of Levophed for hypotension, particularly toward the end of his hospital course when he became septic.
The patient had bigeminy, multiple PVC's and sporadic atrial fibrillation for which he was started on heparin.
Gastrointestinal: The patient was initially started on tube feeds with an abdominal CT scan early on admission in our institution revealed question of ischemic colitis.
He had an elevated white count of 36,000 as well as fevers and hypotension.
It was decided at this time to drain a pancreatic pseudo cyst.
Cultures from this were essentially negative, however, the patient did began to have some hemorrhagic episodes into the pancreatic pseudo cyst where the percutaneous needle was placed.
The patient also had splenic infarct noted on his CAT scan.
Hematologically, he was on heparin for atrial fibrillation which was discontinued toward the end of the admission.
He did have pseudomonas and yeast in his sputum.
The patient became septic toward the end of the admission, requiring increased pressors and his creatinine increased.
The transplant surgery service was willing to do an exploratory laparotomy and to explore any pancreatic necrosis as well as any issues which would have been found in the abdomen; however, in discussion with the family, it was decided that no intervention would be done.
