HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 28-year-old gravida 1, para 0, 0, 1, 0 who presented with diffuse abdominal and pelvic pain for 1 to 2 days at outside hospital.
She has no history of STD's and denies any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, or dysuria.
At the outside hospital she was noted to have cervical motion tenderness as well as light white mucus discharge from the cervix.
She has normal history of pap smears.
No history of sexually transmitted diseases.
ALLERGIES:  Penicillin which causes diarrhea and shaking.
Abdominal examination is diffusely tender with rebound and intermittent voluntary guarding.
On the sterile speculum examination there was physiological minimal light white mucus.
There is no pus or significant discharge.
Friable cervix noted but no tampons in the vault.
Sterile vaginal examination was significant for cervical motion tenderness as well as uterine tenderness but no adnexal masses were appreciated although this was limited by the patient discomfort.
CT scan was significant for some periadnexal stranding with a small amount of free fluid in the pericolic gutter and within the pelvis.
With her very elevated temperature it was felt that she was going into sepsis.
RESPIRATORY: She initially was started on oxygen supplementation by nasal cannula, however was weaned off of this but also by hospital day 1, there were small bilateral pleural effusions seen on CT scan but no other pathology.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE: The patient was found to have PID on admission.
She became afebrile when she was admitted to the ICU and remained afebrile for her rest of her hospital course.
Her blood cultures are still pending at this time, however urine culture was negative for growth.
Vaginal culture here was negative for chlamydia although gonorrhea was still pending.
A pelvic ultrasound was done on hospital day 1 to evaluate for tuboovarian abscess, however her ultrasound was found to be normal with no evidence of PID, ovarian torsion or tuboovarian abscess.
After dopamine drop was weaned off, the patient was transferred to the floor on hospital day 2 where she slowly improved and remained afebrile on the hospital day.
The patient suddenly complained of right upper quadrant pain that was worse with inspiration, however this was intermittent and was not related to any shortness of breath, or desaturation.
She had no white count.
Right upper quadrant ultrasound was done that showed a somewhat thickened edematous although nondistended gallbladder with no evidence of stone, to be unlikely cholecystitis given her normal LFTs.
A chest x-ray was also done and there was no acute cardiopulmonary disease noted.
Her pain very quickly resolved soon after.
She also is negative for any hepatitis B antibodies.
Also because of her recent use of tampons, she was also evaluated for possible toxic shock syndrome despite her lack of any other signs of this syndrome and her ASO screen was negative.
SOCIAL: The patient was evaluated by the social worker given her positive urine tox screen and observed interactions with her partner who came to visit the hospital.
