Upon arrival, he was extricated from underneath the truck; and while in transport, he had an episode of desaturation with a decrease in blood pressure, for which he was intubated.
His initial examination revealed bilateral pneumothoraces for which bilateral chest tubes were placed.
His secondary survey revealed mild abdominal tenderness, but no other gross abnormalities.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
Mild facial edema.
Neck revealed cervical collar in place, mild crepitus over the right neck.
Chest revealed bilateral chest tubes in place, decreased aeration bilaterally with coarse breath sounds.
First heart sound and second heart sound were normal.
No bowel sounds.
Extremities revealed right upper extremity abrasions, 2+ pulses distally in the bilateral upper and lower extremities.
No gross deformities.
Back revealed no stepoff.
No gross blood.
EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT COURSE:  The patient quickly had two chest tubes placed along with a right femoral trauma line.
The patient was apparently neurologically intact at the scene and had no focal neurologic deficits.
Therefore, a head injury or spinal cord injury was felt unlikely.
RADIOLOGY/IMAGING:  A CAT scan of his head revealed mild effacement of the gyri consistent with mild edema.
There was bilateral pneumothoraces, right greater than left.
There were bilateral severe pulmonary contusions and bilateral pneumatoceles.
There was no evidence of pericardial fluid or cardiac damage.
There was right rib fractures posteriorly.
A CT scan of the abdomen revealed a small 3-cm X 2-cm posterior liver laceration with no free fluid in the abdomen.
There was no apparent injury to the spleen, kidneys, or bladder.
A CT of the pelvis revealed a nondisplaced femoral fracture.
CAT scan also revealed a right clavicle fracture.
His respiratory status was difficult initially upon his arrival due to his bilateral severe pulmonary contusions.
He was placed on assist-control ventilation; however, his oxygen saturations and PAO2 were inadequate, and he was switched to pressure-control ventilation as he progressed to an acute respiratory distress syndrome picture.
He was transfused with fresh frozen plasma to correct a mild coagulopathy and was transfused with 2 units of packed red blood cells for a slight hematocrit drop to 27 initially with an adequate response to a hematocrit of 36 afterwards.
The patient had a Swan-Ganz catheter placed to monitor hemodynamic status, and he had a high central venous pressures and pulmonary arterial pressures; indicating that the patient was not hypovolemic.
Therefore, fluids were minimized to minimize excess of fluids in his lungs.
The patient had an echocardiogram to evaluate for evidence of blunt myocardial injury, gross wall motion abnormalities, or valvular defects.
The echocardiogram showed normal overall wall motion and ejection fraction, and no pericardial effusion.
The patient's pulmonary status was such that he was requiring increasing levels of positive end-expiratory pressure and 100% FIO2 to maintain adequate oxygenation while his PCO2 were rising as well; and this was felt to be secondary to a very severe air dehiscent pulmonary contusions.
The patient was able to return to pressure-control ventilation soon thereafter and began a slow wean from the ventilator.
Plain films of the patient's bilateral upper extremities revealed no fractures, and a repeat chest x-ray showed no change in his prior x-rays of bilateral long whiteout, but no gross pneumothorax with chest tube in good position.
Throughout this time the patient began spiking temperatures, and cultures were drawn peripherally and from urine and sputum as well as bronchoscopy.
The sputum cultures began growing out hemophilus influenza for which the patient was started on levofloxacin with slight defervescence of his fever.
He was switched from subcutaneous heparin to Hirudin for possible heparin-induced thrombocytopenia, and heparin-induced thrombocytopenia antibodies were sent.
While having high PCO2  of approximately 76, there was concern for elevated intracranial pressure, and Neurosurgery was consulted.
The patient revealed intermittent boluses of albumin for an elevated heart rate and decreased urine output despite high right-sided filling pressures with good response.
The patient also had a thoracic, lumbar, and cervical spinal x-rays which revealed no fractures.
After this, the patient continued to spike low-grade fevers but was thought to be adequately covered for antibiotics, as no other culture data grew out any additional organisms.
The patient's respiratory status continued to slowly improve, and his ventilatory support was weaned down to assist-control with decreasing positive end-expiratory pressures and decreasing FIO2.
His mental status was somewhat impulsive at times while he was suffering the residual effects of the long-term Ativan and morphine drips that he had been on; however, this quickly resolved over the two days while he was on the floor, and he was nearly at his baseline mental status with his parents happy with his behavior.
The patient was evaluated by Physical Therapy who felt that he was doing so well that he did not need inpatient rehabilitation and just minimal outpatient rehabilitation for strengthening and gait training.
He was able to ambulate throughout the hospital with no respiratory distress.
