Rupture of membranes was 20 minutes prior to delivery.
There was no fever.
There was no murmur.
Abdomen was flat, soft and nontender without hepatosplenomegaly.
Respiratory distress:  The infant was always in room air with no evidence of respiratory distress.
He did not exhibit any evidence of apnea or depressed respiratory drive as well.
Fluids, Electrolytes and Nutrition:  The infant had early problems with hypoglycemia with serum glucose of 45 to 50 at times, requiring ad lib feeding of formula supplemented with 2 to 4 calories of Polycose in order to get him to maintain adequate blood sugars.
He has not had any evidence of acidosis since then.
He was being treated at that time for polycythemia with partial volume exchange transfusion and the details of that will be outlined below.
At that time, he was also having some hypoglycemia.
The decision was made to perform partial volume exchange transfusion.
His symptoms had also resolved by that time, so the decision was made not to repeat the partial exchange.
The infant also had some thrombocytopenia at birth with a platelet count initially of 79.
It is felt that his thrombocytopenia is likely due to impaired platelet production secondary to intrauterine growth restriction.
He has not showed any evidence of bleeding.
He has had no suggestion of leukopenia or neutropenia which also is consistent with growth restriction in his circumstance.
Gastrointestinal:  The infant did have some secondary hyperbilirubinemia due to the significant amount of polycythemia.
He had slow resolution of this.
He has been off of phototherapy for over 24 hours and it seems as if he is having a resolution of his jaundice without the need for additional phototherapy.
We initially ascribed this to the presence of a large number of red cells with the significant by-products of red cell breakdown and subsequent conjugation of bilirubinemia and direct hyperbilirubinemia.
In addition, we obtained alkaline phosphatase which was 496, SGOT which was 64; SGPT which was 17 today and it may be worthwhile repeating these liver function tests to insure resolution of these symptoms as well.
It is more likely that growth restriction is due to some degree of uteroplacental insufficiency given the infant's clinical course as well as the fact that there was some relative degree of head sparing.
Infectious Disease:  The infant did not have a significant leukocytosis or left shift on the date of birth.
Neurology:  Due to the presence of some growth restriction, even though there was head sparing, the infant did have a head ultrasound to look for central nervous system abnormalities and this head ultrasound was normal.
State Newborn Screening Status:  The screening labs were sent after birth and showed a slightly elevated tyrosine.
Sepsis evaluation, completed.
