The patient presented to his vascular surgeon on the day prior to admission with a painful, erythematous, edematous right lower extremity, unable to bear weight.
The doctor, at that time, withdrew 600 cc of pus from the right lower extremity.
The patient was determined to have an infected rod in his right lower extremity and he was transferred to the Emergency Room, where he received vancomycin, piperacillin and tazobactam and was found to have a fasting blood sugar of 555 and an anion gap of 16.
Intraoperatively, the patient had an estimated blood loss of 800 cc.
His pain was managed with oxycodone.
Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
Peripheral vascular disease.
End-stage renal disease (failed transplant).
Gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Status post bypass for peripheral vascular disease.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On physical examination, the patient was in no acute distress, comfortable.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat:  Normocephalic, atraumatic, no erythema.
Neck:  Supple, no thyromegaly.
Cardiovascular: Regular rate and rhythm, normal S1 and S2, no murmur, rub or gallop.
Abdomen:  Soft, nontender, nondistended, positive bowel sounds, no rebound, no guarding.
He stayed afebrile throughout his course, with occasional temperatures in the low 99 range.
He had no complaints of nausea, vomiting, fever or chills, or any other signs of infection.
Cultures ultimately showed gram positive cocci in the wound.
The leg wound had very little drainage and caused the patient very little pain during his hospital stay.
Acute renal failure:  The renal service was consulted and offered many suggestions in his care.
The thought at that time included post infection glomerulonephritis versus rejection secondary to a decreased rapamycin level or acute tubular necrosis secondary to some other unknown etiology.
Initially, he was having some low blood sugar levels in the mornings and, in response, the team adjusted the nighttime NPH from 12 units to 10 units and then from 10 to 8 units.
There was no suspicion of deep vein thrombosis.
Immunosuppression secondary to renal transplant:  A rapamycin level was obtained and, at the time of discharge, was still pending.
A renal ultrasound of the kidney was considered to check for obstruction and any other abnormalities during his stay.
Hypertension:  The patient has known hypertension and was on atenolol 50 mg daily.
Disposition:  Ultimately, the patient was discharged to home with VNA services three times per week to supply antibiotics for a total duration of approximately six weeks, as well as to supply wound care.
The patient was sent home with pre-organized appointments with the orthopedic service, the renal service and the infectious disease service.
The patient was instructed to follow up at the Emergency Room if additional complications were to arise.
Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.
End-stage renal disease.
Nonweightbearing of left leg times three weeks.
