HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 41-year-old female (status post liver-related liver transplant in [**2136-5-31**] with hepatic artery stenosis with stenting times three) who returns with an increase in liver function tests.
Status post sweat gland incision.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  The patient's was afebrile with stable vital signs.
Examination of the heart revealed a regular rate and rhythm without any murmurs.
The patient's abdomen revealed a soft, nontender, and nondistended abdomen with positive bowel sounds.
Examination of the legs revealed no edema.
At this time, a computed tomography revealed that the patient had a thrombosed hepatic artery and the transaminase and alkaline phosphatase were markedly elevated.
Considering the fact that the hepatic artery was completely thrombosed and that the patient's liver function tests were markedly elevated, the clinical picture at this time was consistent with liver failure.
Thus, the decision was made to do supportive care for this picture that was consistent with liver failure.
She continued to be intubated and remained for supportive care.
While there was no arterial flow, a chest x-ray did not show any acute process.
A computed tomography of the abdomen was read as having a heterogeneous hypoattenuation of the left lobe of the liver, a new foci of air level in the right area of the infarction, and thrombosis in the hepatic artery.
A chest x-ray showed a possible left lower lobe infiltrate.
On hospital day six, the patient continued to have high temperatures up to 103.1 and a low temperature of 92.6.
On hospital day seven, the patient had no complaints.
The patient remained afebrile with stable vital signs.
Otherwise, she had some edema in the lower extremities which was treated with Lasix.
On hospital day eight, the patient had no complaints.
She remained afebrile with stable vital signs.
On hospital day nine, the patient had no complaints.
She remained afebrile with stable vital signs.
Elevated liver function tests.
