This was a twin IVI pregnancy with diamniotic-dichorionic twins.
Mother's prenatal labs were O positive, antibody negative, rubella immune, RPR nonreactive, Pregnancy was complicated by mild hypertension for one week and preterm labor at 24 weeks.
He had no cleft.
Heart sounds were normal with no audible murmur.
He had fair air entry bilaterally while being ventilated.
He was not able to be oxygenated on conventional ventilation within the first day of life and was switched to high frequency oscillation ventilation.
Although he did not clinically have a murmur, he was noted to have an active precordium and full femoral pulses and was commenced on a course of indomethacin on day five.
There was some right ventricular hypertrophy.
He initially had metabolic acidosis and received several doses of sodium bicarbonate.
He developed hyperkalemia with maximum potassium of 8.8 on day one of life and required treatment with insulin and dextrose with resolution of his hyperkalemia.
He also had hypocalcemia and received several boluses of calcium gluconate.
There were no sepsis risk factors apart from extreme prematurity and respiratory distress.
He was noted to have clinical seizures on day one of life and was commenced on anticonvulsant therapy with phenobarbital and fosphenytoin.
His initial EEG showed very low voltage with frequent EEG evidence of seizures lasting 20 to 40 seconds emanating from the left frontal region.
He essentially continued subclinical seizures which finally improved by day five of life, following multiple loads of phenobarbital and fosphenytoin.
CT scan on day five of life revealed grade 3 bilateral intraventricular hemorrhages with subdural hemorrhage.
There was diffuse hypodensity in the majority of the cerebral cortex bilaterally.
It was felt that he had a severe, acute encephalopathy of unknown etiology with persistent focal seizures which was probably related to his initial difficult start in life.
There were grave concerns that he would ultimately have severe cognitive and motor deficits.
However, on day eight of life he became oliguric and subsequently anuric with escalating requirements of inotropic support to maintain his blood pressure.
Respiratory distress syndrome.
Severe acute encephalopathy of unknown etiology.
Hyperbilirubinemia of prematurity.
Anemia of prematurity.
Renal failure.
