ACUTE-ON-CHRONIC RENAL FAILURE ISSUES:  The patient continued to have decreasing urine output over the course of her stay and at times became anuric and was eventually started on hemodialysis.
During this time, the patient's course was complicated by an episode of unresponsiveness which was of unclear etiology.
The patient had multiple blood cultures, and urine cultures, and sputum cultures drawn.
The patient also had a computed tomography of her abdomen and pelvis done to rule out source of hematomas.
During this time, the patient's blood pressure was slightly low and was started on short-term pressors; however, this was titrated off within 12 hours, and the patient's blood pressure remained stable off pressors.
The patient remained anuric and was restarted on continuous venovenous hemodialysis for another three days.
As her blood pressure was rising, the patient was switched over to ultrafiltration, to which she was tolerating well except for episodes of hypotension as long as ultrafiltration was done at a slow rate.
The patient's creatinine improved while on dialysis; however, her urine output remained low throughout the course of this stay and will likely need to continue dialysis until her renal function improves and urine output picks up.
Otherwise, the patient had a Quinton catheter placed by the Renal team under ultrasound guidance in her right internal jugular vein for hemodialysis access, and this remained stable throughout the course of her stay.
The patient was also continued on her immunosuppressive regimen of tacrolimus, and CellCept, and prednisone.
The patient did not have a renal biopsy because she was anticoagulated, and the risk of a hematoma at that site; although, rejection was less likely, and the source of her acute renal failure is still unclear.
RESPIRATORY FAILURE ISSUES:  For the patient's respiratory failure, after her episode of unresponsiveness, the patient was restarted on ventilation through her tracheostomy site, and the patient had a blood gas which was shown to be acidotic and hypertachypneic; however, was more consistent with a metabolic source of her unresponsiveness.
She did improve in terms of mental status changes rapidly while being ventilated.
The patient was weaned rapidly within days off of the ventilator and currently has completed greater than 72 hours on trach trial without evidence of fatigue.
Prior to her episode of respiratory failure, the patient had previously had trach site changed to a smaller size for goals of eventual removal of the trach.
The patient had a bronchoscopy during the course of this admission which showed swollen vocal cords and some small granulation tissue at the site of her tracheostomy; however, this was not very significant.
SEPTIC THROMBOPHLEBITIS ISSUES:  The patient developed septic thrombophlebitis on her right upper extremity where she had previously had a peripherally inserted central catheter line placed and developed a clot as well as positive methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection at that site.
The patient was to continue for a 6-week total course of vancomycin and was to continue anticoagulation with Coumadin as she is allergic to heparin.
CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE ISSUES:  The patient's coronary artery disease remained stable throughout this course.
TYPE 1 DIABETES ISSUES:  The patient was continued on her glargine with Humalog sliding-scale; however, because of poor control, which was especially worsened while high-dose steroids, the patient was started on an insulin drip for 36 hours to 48 hours.
Will continue to watch her insulin requirement on this diet regimen, and this can be titrated up for better control.
Otherwise, for diabetic gastroparesis, the patient was restarted on her home regimen of domperidone which was brought in by her husband which she was to continue to take for making her gastroparesis better.
