Intrapartum course was complicated by maternal fever to 99.2 degrees with fetal tachycardia with heart rates 160s-180s, failure to progress, meconium stained amniotic fluid.
At delivery, the infant emerged with moderate tone and no respiratory effort.
The infant was intubated and suctioned with no meconium seen below the vocal cords.
With gradual improvement in tone and respiratory effort and color, the positive pressure ventilation was stopped.
The infant was admitted to the NICU to evaluate for sepsis due to maternal fever and fetal tachycardia, with no antibiotics during labor.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION:  Showed an active and vigorous term infant in no distress.
Chest: Clear and equal, no grunting, flaring, or retracting.
Cardiac: Normal rate and rhythm, no murmur.
Abdomen: Soft, no hepatosplenomegaly, no masses, active bowel sounds.
Neuro: Appropriate tone and activity, no jittery.
HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEMS:  Respiratory: On admission to the NICU, the infant did have a requirement for oxygen with some desaturations and mild work of breathing.
No apnea spells, no desaturations, or bradycardia has been noted.
Cardiovascular: The infant has remained hemodynamically stable with a normal heart rate and blood pressure and no murmur.
Fluid, electrolytes, and nutrition: The infant was made NPO on admission and was started on IV fluids of D10W.
No electrolytes have been measured on this baby and at present, the infant is ad-lib p.o.
feeding of Enfamil 20 with iron and taking adequate volume with no concerns.
The infant has required no blood product transfusion.
The infant has showed no signs of sepsis since.
Neurology: The infant has shown signs of irritability since admission to the NICU.
No jitteriness or seizures have been observed and other than the irritability, the infant has had a normal neurologic exam.
There are no active issues at this time.
feedings of E20 with iron or breastfeed.
No medications.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES:  Respiratory distress, negative sepsis evaluation, hypoglycemia, and possible mild perinatal depression.
