HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 74-year-old man with underlying dementia secondary to Alzheimer disease who fell down the stairs on the day of admission resulting in loss of consciousness.
Initially, he had mildly slurred speech with mild word-finding difficulties.
He did have positive emesis.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  History is significant for Alzheimer.
ALLERGIES:  The patient has no known drug allergies.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Physical examination in the emergency department revealed that he was afebrile with a pulse in the 100 range and blood pressure of 160/palpable, saturation 98%.
He had no tenderness or stepoff on his chest.
He was moving all four extremities with gross sensory intact.
Back showed low lumbar tenderness, no stepoffs.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was evaluated in the emergency room and taken to the Department of Radiology, where he underwent an emergency head CT, which showed a small interparenchymal paraventricular hemorrhage on the right without other significant lesions.
The patient also underwent a T and L spine, which was negative, as well as a C-spine, CT, which showed degenerative cervical spinal changes.
His chest x-ray was without any pneumothorax or hemothorax and his pelvis showed no fractures.
At this time, he was admitted to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit for every one hour neurochecks and control of blood pressure and further monitoring given his intracranial hemorrhage.
He underwent two subsequent CT scans of his head on consecutive days, which demonstrated stability of the paraventricular hemorrhage.
He was a little confused requiring Haldol.
This was believed to be secondary to recent head trauma, as well as his ICU stay.
He had an MR of his spine, which demonstrated no acute ligamentous injuries, although, it was of poor quality secondary to motion artifact.
His cervical spine was cleared both radiographically and clinically without any tenderness in the posterior midline.
At this time, it was felt that the patient was stable for discharge.
Status post closed-head injury.
Coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass grafting times four.
