Prenatal screens were A negative, RPR nonreactive, rubella immune, hepatitis B surface antigen negative, GBS negative.
There was no maternal fever.
Positive pressure ventilation was necessary with some improvement in respiratory effort and color.
The infant did remain pale pink with decreased tone at five minutes.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On physical examination the infant was pale pink with a hypotonic posture with mild tachypnea and mild intermittent grunting.
There was significant molding and superficial bruising over the occiput.
He had a suck, but it was not strong or vigorous.
Cardiac examination revealed regular rate and rhythm with no murmur and 2+ femoral pulses.
There was no hepatosplenomegaly.
He was centrally pale, pink with peripheral acrocyanosis and he had decreased tone.
RESPIRATORY:  The infant's mild respiratory distress, as indicated by tachypnea and intermittent grunting, resolved without any intervention.
He remained 100% saturated in room air; never requiring any additional oxygen supplementation or respiratory support.
He had no apnea or bradycardia.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  Due to low blood pressures, the infant required three normal saline boluses followed by a dopamine infusion.
On EKG there was right ventricular hypertrophy.
The Department of Cardiology was consulted and an echocardiogram revealed a small mid muscular VSD.
Initially, he had poor intake, but rapidly improved and currently he is taking volumes of 180 to 200 cc per kilo of Enfamil 20.
Stools during the last couple of days have been trace guaiac positive, presumably from contamination from a recent circumcision, as well as a diaper dermatitis with excoriation.
No phototherapy has been required.
The anemia has been felt to be secondary to fetal maternal hemorrhage.
There was no history of placental abruption.
There was no suggestion of active hemolysis.
He has not had an oxygen requirement.
Close follow-up of his hematocrit is recommended, especially during the period of his physiologic nadir.
Parents have been given anticipatory guidance regarding the signs and symptoms of symptomatic anemia.
However, due to the bandemia and the early hypotension, a presumed infection was entertained and the infant received seven full days of Ampicillin and Gentamicin.
Retrospectively, the early bandemia may have been due to early signs of stress and not infection related.
NEUROLOGY:  Due to the dropping hematocrit from 32.6 to 27.1 and the infant remained hypotonic a concern for intracranial hemorrhage was entertained.
CT scan without contrast was performed on the morning of [**2171-4-28**], which was negative for any intracranial hemorrhage, or other process.
There was some nursing report of excessive irritability and hypertonicity.
As a result, the Department of Neurology was consulted to rule out a mild encephalopathy.
Fetal-maternal hemorrhage with resultant anemia.
