ADMISSION PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Perinatal screens were AB positive, antibody negative, HB surface antigen negative, RPR nonreactive, HIV negative, hepatitis C positive.
No sacral anomalies.
Previous cellulitis on left foot completely resolved.
Baby did not manifest significant apnea of prematurity and was not treated with caffeine.
Cardiovascular:  No hypotension or vasopressor therapy.
The baby developed a soft murmur consistent with peripheral pulmonic stenosis on day of life #14, which is still present on day of discharge.
Baby has not had any hypotension or respiratory distress and no further workup has been performed due to lack of clinical symptoms that would suggest any cardiac compromise.
The patient was also treated briefly on day of life #8 for a right antecubital pustule, which had a negative Gram stain as well as nystatin to that area at a later time when it was determined to be likely of fungal etiology.
On day of life #47, [**2109-6-6**], the patient was noted to have on the lateral aspect of the 5th metatarsophalangeal joint of the left foot noted to have a pustule.
This was incised and drained with approximately 0.5 cc of pus, which was sent for culture.
This grew methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus, which was treated with oxacillin.
At the time of discharge, the site has completely healed and has no erythema or discharge and is clean, dry, and intact.
Neurology:  Due to maternal methadone and heroin use, the patient was put on a neonatal abstinence protocol and was treated with phenobarbital and neonatal opium solution for withdrawal symptoms.
The first sample on day of life 3 was significant for an elevated 17-OH-progesterone.
3) Chronic lung disease.
4) Hemodynamically significant congenital heart disease.
Before this age and for the first 24 months of the child's life, immunization against influenza is recommended for household contacts and out of home caregivers.
Active DSS follow-up.
Respiratory distress syndrome 3.
Rule out sepsis 4.
Hyperbilirubinemia 5.
Neonatal abstinence syndrome 6.
Peripheral pulmonic stenosis murmur by clinical exam 7.
Left foot cellulities from methicillin SENSITIVE staphylococcus aureus 8.
