Rupture of membranes was at the time of delivery.
No maternal fever was noted and no maternal antibiotics were given intrapartum.
There was no history of HSV lesions.
The infant was doing well in the newborn nursery and on day of life #1 was noted to have low grade temperatures up to 100.
On DOL #2 the infant was noted to have an axillary temperature to 101.1 and the repeat rectal temperature was 101.4.
Due to persistent fevers with temp over 101.5, infant was brought back to the NICU for admission.
The skin had some erythematous areas on the legs--macular, no papules or vesicles.
There was no hepatosplenomegaly and neurologic was a nonfocal examination with normal tone and age appropriate.
SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEMS:  RESPIRATORY:  Upon initial admission, the infant had some occasional desaturations and was placed on nasal oxygen for several hours but weaned quickly off.
She soon was on room air and has had no subsequent issues.
A chest x-ray was obtained with the initial requirement of oxygen and had low lung volumes but otherwise looked normal.
No murmurs have been heard and blood pressure has been completely normal.
She received one normal saline bolus with her first dose of acyclovir but otherwise has been eating very well and there have been no concerns.
HEMATOLOGY:  The infant has mild jaundice and a bilirubin was obtained on day of life three which was 5.6 on admission.
We also have sent throat swab and stool culture for enteroviral culture.
In addition, we have sent eye, nasopharynx and rectal swabs for HSV culture.
Finally, a nasal pharyngeal swab was sent for general viral culture.
Of note, the infant's rash progressed had currently is diffusely maculopapular rash over entire trunk, not involving palms or soles.
This is most consistent with a viral exanthem.
It is morbilliform in nature and on the chest and in the groin significantly it comes with heat and looks fairly consistent with a viral syndrome.
The infant has been afebrile for 24 hours.
(Of note, the CSF culture was obtained after 1 dose of antibiotics but the finding of 0WBC is not consistent with bacterial meningitis).
NEUROLOGY:  There have not been any neurologic tests done and she has been completely appropriate throughout her hospitalization.
The infant has not received hepatitis B or other immunizations.
