HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 75 year-old female who was in her usual state of health until three days prior to admission when she developed a cough with thick, green sputum.
She had increased dyspnea on exertion and had shortness of breath with increased wheezes.
The patient had been visiting her family in [**Location 8398**]and had sick contact in that her grandson had an upper respiratory infection.
She did have borderline fever but no documented temperature.
Denies any chest pain or pressure.
Denies any edema, orthopnea or paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea.
She denies any lower extremity trauma.
She denies any change in her urine or bowel habits.
She does have a chronic cough with light sputum.
In the Emergency Department the patient had vomited once but there was no bleeding.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease though the patient is not entirely aware of this diagnosis.
PFTs were read as mild obstructive pattern with hyperinflation.
Only peripheral vision in the right eye.
Her husband died of asbestos exposure.
She was in mild respiratory distress.
Neck was supple, no lymphadenopathy.
Cardiac - regular rate and rhythm with normal S1, S2, no murmur, rub or gallop.
Lungs - inspiratory ratio is 1 to 3, diffuse expiratory wheezes, no rhonchi or rales, egophony or dullness.
Extremities - no cyanosis, clubbing or edema.
Skin - no rashes.
LABORATORY DATA:  Her chest x-ray showed no acute changes and no evidence of infiltrates or effusions.
Her EKG showed sinus tachycardia with incomplete right bundle branch block.
No ST-T wave changes.
ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:  The patient is a 75 year-old female with acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Her dyspnea is most likely related to this exacerbation of COPD which is most likely triggered by an upper respiratory infection.
PULMONARY - The patient was found to have COPD exacerbation secondary to upper respiratory infection.
She did not have a fever during this admission and had no infiltrates on x-ray.
She did not have any evidence of a bacterial pneumonia.
She may have had a strep pneumo but no radiographic findings of that.
EAR, NOSE AND THROAT - The patient complained of dizziness during the course of admission.
She also complained of left ear fullness.
When her ears were examined no hematuria was seen.
No evidence of fullness.
She did not have any drainage from the ear.
She did have some mild ringing.
Additionally she now complained of vertiginous symptoms when she turned her head to either side she would feel dizzy.
She did have an episode of vomiting but it was negative for any blood.
She initially refused an MRI because of her claustrophobia.
A head CT scan without contrast was done and it was negative for any mass affect or edema.
However with her family's persuasion she agreed to do an MRI to rule out any masses.
Her dizziness is most likely benign positional vertigo, possible also labyrinthitis.
RENAL FLUIDS, ELECTROLYTES AND NUTRITION - The patient was hyponatremic and hypokalemic on admission.
She did not have any other further electrolyte abnormalities during the course of admission.
GASTROINTESTINAL - The patient did complain of abdominal pain.
However this pain has subsided.
COPD exacerbation.
