There was artificial rupture of membranes was performed at the delivery.
At 5 hours of life he was noted to have grunting and flaring and a NICU consult was done.
He was in mild respiratory distress and a diagnosis of transient tachypnea of the newborn was made.
At 16 hours of life he was noted to have increased work of breathing with tachypnea, flaring and grunting.
He was also noted to have axillary temperature of 100.4 and a rectal temperature of 100.9.
Large for gestational age appearance of an infant with tachypnea, grunting and flaring.
Mild flaring.
RESPIRATORY: Tachypneic with mild retractions, increased work of breathing, clear and equal breath sounds.
Spine straight and no abnormalities.
He has remained on room air since that time and has had no issues with apnea or desaturation since being on room air.
Initial chest x-ray in the NICU showed haziness in the left lower lobe and patchy areas on the right side consistent with concerns for pneumonia.
The infant was treated for pneumonia from admission to the NICU.
CARDIOVASCULAR: The infant has maintained stable cardiovascular status with normal heart rates and blood pressures and no murmurs.
He has required no phototherapy.
No further hematocrit or platelets have been measured.
Ampicillin and gentamycin were initiated on admission and an LP was done due to the clinical issues of respiratory distress and fever on admission to the NICU.
The infant was treated for 7 days of presumed pneumonia with ampicillin and gentamycin.
There are no active ongoing issues at this time.
Born between 32 and 35 weeks gestation with two of         the following:  daycare during the RSV season a smoker         in the household, neuromuscular disease, airway       abnormalities, or school age siblings    C. with chronic lung disease.
Before this age and for the first 24 months of the     child's life, immunization against influenza is     recommended for household contacts and out of home     caregivers.
Mild hyperbilirubinemia, resolving.
