He received a morphine PCA and Toradol for pain control, but his pain was difficult to control throughout his stay.
He underwent an MRI of the pelvis without contrast to rule out local recurrence of metastasis.
This examination was notable for no evidence of definite tumor recurrence, no evidence of hydronephrosis, but was notable for a soft tissue signal at the anterior pelvic floor representing either radiation changes or inflammation.
A bone scan showed no evidence of metastatic disease.
These studies were notable for a fluid collection with air measuring 4.4 x 1.8 cm anterior to the pubic symphysis with extension inferolaterally to the space between the left pectineus and adductor musculature.
This finding was concerning for an abscess.
A fistulous tract was extending from the abscess to the anterior abdominal wall.
Cholelithiasis and a left adrenal prominence with focal enlargement within the body and right posterior limb of the left posterior gland were noted.
Anaerobic culture was notable for a mixed bacterial flora.
The patient was transferred to the general surgery service and underwent incision and drainage of suprapubic wound with debridement of the pubic bone.
He received a morphine PCA for pain control.
A wound culture of the abscess grew alpha Streptococcus and gram-positive rods (unable to further identify).
Culture of the bone revealed gram-positive rods, alpha Streptococcus, Carinii bacterium, [**Female First Name (un) 564**] (presumptive identification), Prevotella, but no acid-fast bacilli.
Bone pathology revealed extensively necrotic soft tissue and cartilage with acute inflammation, fibrinopurulent exudate, and granulation tissue, as well as acute osteomyelitis.
There was no evidence of malignancy.
The patient did well postoperatively, and was afebrile with a normal white blood cell count.
His pain was not well controlled on the morphine PCA, so he was changed to p.o.
Dilaudid with subcutaneous Dilaudid for pre-dressing change.
His pain was well controlled.
Pain in joint, pelvic region and thigh.
He was also instructed to notify his doctor if he experiences fever, chills, or increasing pain.
He was told that he may shower and walk around, but should avoid heavy lifting.
