The patient was intubated at the scene for unresponsiveness and transported to the [**Hospital6 256**] for further evaluation.
At time of admission, past medical history, allergies and medications were unknown, however the patient does not have any medical history, had no known drug allergies and took no medications at home.
The remainder of the physical exam was significant for some obvious crepitus of the left upper extremity.
Also significant for an open tibia fibula fracture with a 12 cm x 9 cm open wound just distal to the left knee with bone protruding out of the wound.
He had a 1+ probable dorsalis pedis pulse.
There was no palpable posterior tibial pulse.
Also, it was noted that the patient had poor rectal tone by report.
IMAGING:  Multiple radiographic studies were obtained and some of the following were positive:  Trauma series showed what was thought to be a possible unstable teardrop fracture of C6.
There was also a comminuted fracture of the left scapula and left distal clavicle.
Pelvis showed no fractures.
CT scan of the head showed no acute intracranial injuries, however it did show an apparent rotatory subluxation of C1 on C2, question of a teardrop fracture of C6.
CT scan of the chest showed bilateral first rib fractures posteriorly, a comminuted fracture of the left scapula, distal left clavicular fracture and posterior bibasilar atelectasis.
CT of the abdomen showed no acute bleeds or organ damage.
Other significant radiographic findings were a left tibial comminuted fracture, as well as a left fibular fracture.
The wound was closed with a medial gastrocnemius rotational flap, as well as hemisoleus rotational flap.
Definitive coverage was with a split thickness skin graft on the right thigh.
The patient was continued on leg elevation, non weightbearing status of left lower extremity and frequent dressing changes to the left lower extremity flap, as well as skin graft.
That surgery was without complication and the patient did well postoperatively.
The psychiatry consult was obtained for help with managing such problems and an Ativan taper was begun which remained for the course of the patient's last five hospital days.
Additionally, full work up was done for possible organic causes for patient's mental status.
However, such work up did not find any significant causes for patient's symptomatology.
At time of discharge, the patient remained hemodynamically stable, was afebrile for several days, remained on antibiotics.
He was seen by physical therapy on several occasions for help with ambulation, as well as general conditioning.
His flap was viable, however there was still some area of questionable viability in the superior lateral aspect of the flaps.
DIET:  Regular  Physical therapy will be non weightbearing left lower extremity, as well as keeping left lower extremity in dependent position for no more than five minutes per hour.
