The patient originally presented with one week of dry, nonproductive cough, high fevers and chills and productive shortness of breath.
The patient developed hypoxia, hypercapnia and respiratory failure with bilateral infiltrates noted on chest x-ray with the accompaniment of orthopnea, diffuse wheezing and tachypnea.
She then became hypertensive with cephalic blood pressures 140s/210s and developed oliguric acute renal failure at the outside hospital.
Upon her transfer to the Medicine Floor, the patient denied any chest pain, shortness of breath, nausea, vomiting, emesis, fevers or chills.
She had no breathing problems and stated that she was breathing comfortably.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Otherwise significant for hyperlipidemia and history of cervical cancer greater than 10 years ago status post total abdominal hysterectomy and chemotherapy.
The patient's exam, generally she is a middle-aged female sitting in a chair in no acute distress.
Neck is supple with no jugular venous distention.
Heart is regular rate and rhythm with no murmurs, rubs or gallops, normal S1, S2.
Lungs are clear with minimal expiratory bases diffusely and no crackles noted.
Extremities:  Without clubbing, cyanosis or edema, 2+ pedal pulses.
Abdominal ultrasound is significant for gallbladder sludge with no evidence of cholecystitis and otherwise exam is within normal limits.
Respiratory failure:  Likely consistent with underlying previously undiagnosed chronic obstructive pulmonary disease which was exacerbated by influenza, infection.
The patient was initially continued on IV Solu-Medrol for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation which was started on [**1-15**].
Infectious Disease:  The patient had a urinary tract infection which was resistant to E. coli with sensitivity to Cephalosporin and Nitrofurantoin.
The patient also had leukocytosis which was trending down by the date of discharge and returned to a low of 23.3 and this was felt secondary to steroid use.
The patient was maintained on contact precautions secondary to resistant urinary tract infection.
Elevated alkaline phosphatase and GGT:  The patient has a very benign abdominal exam.
It is felt that this is related likely to acute illness or medications including Ceftriaxone.
The patient's abdominal exam was consistent with gallbladder sludge with evidence of cholecystitis and otherwise exam was within normal limits and reassuring.
Renal:  Acute renal failure again felt secondary to ATN secondary to dye at the outside hospital or AIN due to previous medications including Azithromycin, Fluconazole and gentamicin.
Mental status:  The patient was previously agitated, possibly secondary to ICU/steroid psychosis infection or foreign-language barrier.
Cardiovascular:  The patient was diuresed initially secondary to fluid overload and echo down to 126 was within normal limits with an ejection fraction of greater than 60%, no evidence of regurgitation, no other valvular abnormalities and no evidence of wall motion abnormality noted.
By the time of discharge, the patient was satting 96% to 98% on room air with no evidence of fluid overload.
She had no jugular venous distention.
Anemia:  The patient's iron studies in the past have been consistent with anemia of chronic discharge but her iron and TIBC are also less than 100%.
History of deep venous thromboses:  Lower extremity Dopplers were negative.
Additionally her hyperglycemia is secondary to steroid use.
The patient is tolerating cardiac diet, is alert and oriented times 3 and has had no evidence of hypovolemia.
Respiratory failure secondary to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and influenza infection.
Urinary tract infection.
Acute renal failure.
Altered mental status.
