PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for rheumatoid arthritis, nephrolithiasis and status post ureteral dilatation.
She was noted to have a left occipital laceration.
Her trachea was midline and she was noted to have left subcutaneous emphysema on her neck and left chest.
Her abdomen was soft and nondistended and her pelvis was deemed to be stable.
She was noted to have a bilateral pneumothorax for which the bilateral chest tubes were placed.
She is also noted to have a hemothorax in the right.
She was also noted to have a pelvic fracture with bilateral inferior pubic rami fracture.
Sacroiliac joint widening on the left and right sacral fracture.
Her C-spine included a C2 and C3 stress fracture and her Lumbosacral spine had three to five transverse process fracture.
Her CT of the abdomen revealed a liver laceration and she also had a large head laceration.
She also received Ampicillin and Gentamicin for her open laceration and her head laceration was sutured closed.
Orthopedic Surgery consult was also obtained for the pelvic fractures and upon further evaluation the orthopedic surgery service decided to manage her fractures nonoperatively.
Her C-spine fractures were also assessed by the spine team and also opted to manage her C-spine fractures nonoperatively and to maintain her in a rigid C-collar for approximately six weeks.
Due to the patient's liver laceration it was deemed not safe to give subcutaneously Heparin for deep vein thrombosis prophylaxis and also with the patient's hip fractures an IVC filter was placed by Interventional Radiology.
Plastic Surgery was also consulted for the management of her hand fractures and lacerations which were primarily closed.
Over the course of these last few days it was noted that the patient began to appear slightly jaundiced.
The LFTs were obtained which revealed an abnormally high alk phos and a total bili of 14.7.
On endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography it was noted that the patient had a intraductal right hepatic bile duct injury thus a common bile duct stent was placed during the endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography procedure.
On hospital day six, the patient continued to do well, was noted to have a slight metabolic alkalosis, was given Diamox.
Genitourinary:  The patient remains with a Foley and has no issues with urine output or creatinine.
Musculoskeletal:  The patient has a C2-C3 fracture for which she will continue to wear her C-collar for approximately 4-1/2 more weeks.
She has an L3-5 transverse process fracture which will not require any operation.
Per orthopedic surgery the patient's weightbearing status is full weightbearing on the right and partial weightbearing on the left.
Her pelvic fracture continues to be managed nonoperatively.
Right intrahepatic biliary ductal injury.
Morphine 1 to 2 mg subcutaneously q 3 to 4 hours     only for breakthrough pain.
DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS:  The patient should be assisted with activity as full weightbearing on the right and partial weightbearing on the left.
She also should follow-up with the Gastrointestinal biliary service for her biliary duct injury and the patient should follow-up with the Trauma Clinic.
