Pregnancy was complicated by cervical shortening and preterm labor resulting in admission and treatment with betamethasone at 27 weeks and then recurrent at 31 weeks leading eventually to cesarean section delivery due to progressive labor.
Mild respiratory distress was noted and she was brought to the neonatal intensive care unit.
Infant was a well developed premature infant in mild respiratory distress who appeared more comfortable on CPAP.
Neck was supple without lesions.
Chest was coarse with moderate aerations and mild to moderate retractions.
Heart was regular rate and rhythm with I/VI systolic murmur noted.
Abdomen was soft and nontender without hepatosplenomegaly or masses.
External genitalia were that of a normal premature female.
Extremities were without lesions.
RESPIRATORY: Shortly after admission due to mild     respiratory distress the infant was placed on CPAP.
After     that oxygen requirement was maximum at approximately 30     to 35%.
Although this     murmur sounded physiologic, evaluation was performed with     an electrocardiogram, chest x-ray and 4ext blood pressures     and these were all largely unremarkable with the EKG     revealing nonspecific ST changes.
GASTROINTESTINAL: The patient did experience     hyperbilirubinemia requiring phototherapy.
As infant was otherwise     asymptomatic, anemia will be followed as an outpatient.
Head     ultrasound on [**1-10**] at 1 month of age was notable for     small patchy areas of increased echogenicity bilaterally by     the anterior portion of the lateral ventricles.
Although in     the absence of interventricular hemorrhage or significant     illness this is likely benign, a follow-up ultrasound in 1     week is recommended.
SENSORY: Infant passed hearing screen bilaterally.
FEEDS AT DISCHARGE: Enfamil 24 or breast milk 24 calories     per ounce on ad lib basis, monitor weight gain.
IMMUNIZATIONS RECOMMENDED: Synagis immunization is     recommended for (1) all infants born at less than 32 weeks,     2) born between 32 and 35 weeks with 2 of the following: Day     care during RSV season, a smoker in the household,     neuromuscular disease, airway abnormalities, or school     age siblings; or 3) with chronic lung disease.
Before this age and for the first 24 months of the     child's life immunization against influenza is     recommended for household  contacts and out of home     caregivers.
Respiratory distress syndrome, resolved.
Sepsis evaluation, resolved.
Mild anemia.
Nonspecific head ultrasound abnormalities.
