The patient continued to spike fevers upon transfer to the floor, highest of which was 101, however, over the past week, the patient remained afebrile with no further evidence of active infection.
The patient was to complete a two week course of levofloxacin and Flagyl to cover gram-negative and anaerobes for any intraabdominal process or aspiration pneumonia given the patient's prior CT findings of multilobar pneumonia.
The patient drained serosanguinous drainage from that drain site, which was removed one day prior to admission.
Mental status changes.
However, upon transfer to the floor, sedatives were weaned on a daily basis as well as pain medications.
Psychiatric services were consulted to evaluate the patient and to assist in assessing whether or not there is an axis II component to the patient's mental status.
It was deemed that her most likely cause of mental status change was delirium and therefore we weaned her off all of her sedative medications, and as her bacteremia began to clear, the patient's mental status improved dramatically.
When she was much more lucid and able to converse with us, she was able to express that she felt very anxious about remaining in the hospital and wanted to return home to be with her family as well as her mother, who is coming into town.
Pain:  The patient complained of ongoing pain at the L4-L5 site as well as her right foot status post debridement.
Her liver function tests remained within normal limits, however, her INR remained elevated at 1.4.
Lower extremity edema:  Three days prior to admission, the patient developed lower extremity edema.
There was no change from prior study, in-fact her ejection fraction was normal without any abnormalities in her valves or any wall motion abnormalities.
Heparin subQ for DVT prophylaxis.
CTA did not show any evidence of pulmonary embolism, lower extremity Dopplers were performed as well and there was no evidence of DVT.
Patient's hypoxemia began to improve upon improvement of her mental status, and with greater inspiratory effort, it is believed that the patient was limited by her brace when making an attempt to inspire, this in addition to her pneumonia contributing to her hypoxemia during her admission.
Tachycardia:  The patient remained tachycardic throughout most of her hospitalization.
The workup for this included a CTA to rule out pulmonary embolus, electrolytes checked to assess for volume status, echocardiogram, telemetry, and serial EKGs.
This was likely secondary to her pneumonia as well as her ongoing pain.
This continued to improve as the patient was more alert and oriented and when her pain was adequately controlled.
Due to her lower extremity edema, she was maintained on diuretics throughout the latter half of her hospital course while on the floor.
There were no electrolyte imbalances noted on her chemistry profile except for an occasional hypokalemia.
Otherwise, her BUN and creatinine remained stable as well as her urine output.
The patient is instructed to followup with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 16443**] from Hepatology within 1-2 weeks of discharge for management of her hepatitis C cirrhosis.
Oxycodone 5 mg every 4-6 hours as needed for severe pain.
