No residual stones were seen on the choledochoscopy or intraoperative cholangiogram.
Please see dictated operative note for further details.
The patient complained of pain postoperatively as she did for the majority of her stay.
On postoperative day one the patient was noted to have crackles on the left and clear lungs on the right but she continued to report abdominal pain.
Later on postoperative day one the patient experienced a temperature to 101.9.
Her incision was clean, dry and intact with no erythema and the patient had no further temperature spikes.
They reported some occasional abdominal pains but was overall much better than the prior days.
On postoperative day four the patient reported an increase in her abdominal pain and she began to experience late expiratory wheezes.
On postoperative day five the patient continued to have wheezes with shortness of breath.
Later that day the patient had a four beat run of ventricular tachycardia.
The patient had not been previously treated for her mildly depressed ejection fraction or her coronary artery disease indicated on her earlier P-MIBI.
On the following day, postoperative day six, the patient had continuing shortness of breath, and her intravenous fluids were stopped.
At this time the patient reported no abdominal pain.
On postoperative day seven the patient continued to have expiratory wheezes bilaterally and having tolerated a clear diet the previous day after nasogastric tube was pulled out, she was begun on a regular diet.
However, later in the day the patient was having poor pain control and was transferred to P.O.
When this failed to control the patient's pain she was started on intravenous Dilaudid.
The patient awoke approximately 30 minutes later with no residual neurological deficits.
However, the patient immediately complained of her ongoing abdominal pain.
It  was felt in retrospect that the patient did not have a seizure or cerebrovascular accident but that instead she suffered from CO2 retention secondary to her splinting.
It was also felt that she was fluid overloaded during the course and she was therefore transferred to the intensive care unit.
An EKG done at the time of the event on postoperative day seven showed no acute ischemic changes.
The TPN was also stopped in the intensive care unit along with levofloxacin that had been given for 12 days to treat a left lower lobe infiltrate on chest x-ray.
The patient was transferred back to the floor on postoperative day eight and on morning of postoperative day nine had no shortness of breath or abdominal pain.
She had only slight crackles bilaterally on her chest examination and was doing quite well, tolerating a regular diet.
The patient's pain was also well controlled on acetaminophen with P.O.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES:  In addition to the Admitting Diagnoses given in the Past Medical History the patient had symptomatic cholelithiasis.
