Maternal history is significant for mother being a known carrier for hemophilia B (factor 9 deficiency), diagnosed after a relative presented with bleeding in neonatal period.
Parents first son is noted to have hemophilia B with factor 9 levels of approximately 13 percent.
Delivery was scheduled, repeat cesarean section secondary to risk of hemophilia in infant.
Infant was delivered with vigorous tone, regular respirations but persistent grunting was noted in the first hour of life and the infant was brought to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit for further stabilization.
General:  Term male infant in no apparent distress.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat:  No dysmorphic features, anterior fontanelle open and flat, palate intact.
Neck supple, no crepitus.
Respiratory:  Clear to auscultation bilaterally, good air entry, mild intermittent retractions.
Abdomen:  Soft, nondistended, hypoactive bowel sounds, no hepatosplenomegaly.
Extremities:  Well perfused, no cyanosis or edema.
No Ortolani or Barlow sign present.
RESPIRATORY:  The patient initially was observed to be in    mild respiratory distress with intermittent retractions    and grunting.
In the first several hours of life this    respiratory distress resolved and patient remained stable    on room air throughout the remainder of his hospital    course.
This result was    consistent with hemophilia B.
The hematology/oncology    service from [**Hospital3 1810**] consulted on this child    and agree that the laboratories were consistent with a    diagnosis of hemophilia B.
On day    of life 2 the patient did experience overall low volume    bouts of emesis that were tinged brown.
This    emesis was likely due to swallowed maternal blood as    opposed to active bleeding from the patient.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  Due to lack of maternal risk factors    for sepsis the patient did not receive enteric    antibiotics.
No hearing screen was performed prior to transfer to NBN.
No immunizations administered.
No medications.
Respiratory distress resolved.
