This 80-year-old male, who presented to an outside hospital Emergency Room on the morning of [**11-29**] after an episode of chest pressure that woke him up from sleep and a recurrence of the episode in the morning.
He ruled in for myocardial infarction with elevated troponins and inferior Q waves, but the age was unknown.
The patient denied any shortness of breath or diaphoresis.
He reported chest pain and associated nausea and vomiting.
He also reported a six months history of exertional chest pain.
A cardiac catheterization was performed, which showed an ejection fraction of 47 percent and inferior hypokinesis, an occluded RCA, 40 percent left main lesion, and mid occluded LAD lesion, and an occluded circumflex lesion.
ALLERGIES:  He had no known drug allergies.
FAMILY HISTORY:  He had a positive family history for CAD with  three brothers and his mother all being effected.
His heart was regular rate and rhythm with S1, S2 tones, no murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
His abdomen is soft, flat, nontender, and nondistended with positive bowel sounds.
His extremities are warm and well perfused without any edema or varicosities noted.
Preoperative chest x-ray showed no evidence of CHF or any other significant abnormality, but with a suspicion for COPD.
EKG preoperatively showed sinus rhythm at 68 with a question of inferolateral myocardial infarction age undeterminate.
Patient was transferred to Cardiothoracic ICU in stable condition on a milrinone drip at 0.3 mcg/kg/minute, Levophed drip at 0.07 mcg/kg/minute, and a propofol titrated drip.
On postoperative day one, the patient was transfused 1 unit of packed red blood cells for a low hematocrit.
Chest x-ray showed a left lower lobe atelectasis and he was rested overnight on the ventilator.
Bronchoscopy was done, which showed some tracheomalacia.
There were some erythematous rings.
Chest x-ray showed interval improvement of his left pleural effusion and his lungs were clear bilaterally.
His lower extremity edema decreased.
He continued with diuresis and was 2.5 liters negative the day prior, slightly tachycardic at 101 that morning with blood pressure 112/55.
He ran in sinus rhythm, hemodynamically stable, continued diuresis and beta-blockade.
His exam was unremarkable with no peripheral edema.
Myocardial infarction.
