The patient was found unconscious at the scene with initial blood pressure systolic of approximately 80 to 90.
HEAD, EARS, EYES, NOSE AND THROAT:  Occipital scalp laceration with large hematoma, slight laceration on the left posterior aspect of the scalp.
CHEST:  Bilateral clear breath sounds, no crepitus.
ABDOMEN:  Nondistended, soft, nontender, no lesions.
Superficial abrasion over left elbow, no bony deformities.
Superficial abrasion over the right knee.
Bilateral dorsalis pedis.
BACK:  No step-off deformities.
GENITOURINARY:  No blood at the urethral meatus.
Foley placed, no hematuria.
RADIOLOGY:  Initial CT scan showed a right intraparenchymal bleed at frontotemporal region with a small subdural hematoma in the right temporal region and a small subarachnoid hemorrhage in the right frontotemporal region.
CT scan of the chest had bilateral basilar opacities.
No pneumothorax.
ASSESSMENT:  A 28-year-old male status post auto pedestrian accident with significant intracranial injury.
He had repeat CT scans which showed no worsening of his intraparenchymal or subdural hematomas with slight resolution.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  The patient remained hemodynamically stable throughout and required no interventions.
RESPIRATORY:  The patient was initially intubated secondary to a lack of airway protection from altered mental status, but was quickly extubated in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit and had no further pulmonary issues.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  The patient was having difficulty taking adequate po's for full nutrition secondary to his somewhat somnolent mental status, however he continually improved throughout the course of his stay in the hospital to the point that he was able to take nearly full calories and with encouragement seemed to be able to take adequate amount of po's.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  The patient spiked a fever midway through his hospital course.
Cultures were all negative, but he was found to have a superficial phlebitis of his right arm likely secondary to intravenous site.
There was no further evidence of infections and he was not put on antibiotics during his hospital stay.
Right frontal and temporal intraparenchymal hemorrhage 2.
Small right subdural hematoma 3.
Small right subarachnoid hemorrhage 4.
