MATERNAL HISTORY:  Mother is a 34-year-old G2, P1, now 2, woman with a past OB history notable for spontaneous vaginal delivery of a female in [**2123**] who is now alive and well.
Also, a 20-year history of anorexia nervosa and she has been stable for the last 3 years.
Post traumatic stress disorder and depression.
Mother had hip pain during the pregnancy and is on p.r.n.
Also osteoporosis and irritable bowel syndrome.
Pregnancy was complicated by cervical shortening treated with bed rest and large fetal goiter noted at 21-1/7 weeks gestation.
A cordocentesis showed fetal hypothyroidism and the infant was treated with intraamniotic levothyroxine with eventual resolution of the goiter prenatally.
Rupture of membranes occurred at delivery and yielded clear amniotic.
There was no labor and no intrapartum fever or other clinical evidence of chorioamnionitis.
She was orally and nasally bulb suctioned, dried and given blow- by oxygen for central cyanosis which resolved.
Heart rate was well maintained throughout and there was no evidence of airway compromise.
Equivocal mild fullness in anterior neck but no prominent mass to palpate.
No nasal flaring.
Chest had no retractions, good breath sounds bilaterally, no adventitious sounds.
Abdomen was soft, nondistended, no organomegaly, no masses.
SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEM:  RESPIRATORY:  The infant has remained stable on room air while in the NICU with no signs of airway compromise, no desaturations or cyanosis except mild desaturation with the feed on the newborn day.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  The infant has maintained normal cardiovascular status, normal heart rates and blood pressures and has no murmurs.
No further crits or platelets have been measured.
The infant has received no blood product transfusion.
Before this age and for the first 24 months of the     child's life, immunization against influenza is     recommended for household contacts and out of home     caregivers.
The     American Academy of Pediatrics recommends initial     vaccination of pre-term infants at or following     discharge from the hospital if they are clinically     stable and at least 6 weeks but fewer than 12 weeks of     age.
