The patient presented one day following discharge complaining of increased shortness of breath and weakness.
She denied chest pain, abdominal pain, headache, fevers, sweating, orthopnea and paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea.
Status post thyroid surgery.
Coronary artery bypass graft surgery with mitral valve repair.
ALLERGIES:  The patient is allergic to Penicillin which causes a rash and Compazine which causes neurologic symptoms.
three times a day as needed for anxiety.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Significant for abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Generally, the patient is tired appearing, depressed in no acute distress.
Dry mucous membranes.
Neck - jugular venous distention was seven centimeters.
There was no carotid bruit.
Heart regular rate and rhythm, normal S1 and S2, no extra sounds.
Lungs - She had decreased breath sounds over the lower lung fields bilaterally.
She had dullness to percussion.
Extremities - She had trace bilateral lower extremity edema.
She had multiple hematomas.
Electrocardiogram showed normal sinus rhythm, no acute changes.
There were no further psychiatric issues.
Cardiopulmonary - The patient had a chest x-ray showing a small right sided pleural effusion and a left sided pleural effusion.
The patient's shortness of breath was initially attributed to possible pulmonary embolism.
The patient underwent computed tomographic angiography after echocardiogram showed pulmonary hypertension.
After having this procedure, however, the patient was found to not have pulmonary emboli, however, a thoracic type B aortic dissection was noted distal to the left subclavian artery extending four to five centimeters.
While in the Coronary Care Unit, the patient underwent thoracentesis which showed a mixed transudative/exudative picture consistent with both congestive heart failure and parapneumonic effusion.
Renal - The patient initially presented with her baseline creatinine of 1.5, however, she did have metabolic acidosis.
As stated above, the patient's shortness of breath resolved.
The patient remained free of chest pain while on the medical floor.
in the evening as needed for insomnia.
Nitroglycerin sublingual tablets 0.3 mg every five minutes as needed for pain times three.
