HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 64-year-old male with a history of diabetes, end-stage renal disease on dialysis, coronary artery disease, the patient with a left first toe gangrene, initially the patient was evaluated in the Emergency Room and then admitted to the vascular service for continued care.
One month prior to this admission the patient developed discoloration of the left first toe.
He denies history of bilateral claudication of calves, thighs or rest pain.
Currently the patient denies any constitutional symptoms.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  No known drug allergies.
Illnesses includes coronary artery disease, diabetes mellitus, chronic renal failure on hemodialysis Monday, Wednesday and Friday, Meckel diverticulum.
General:  Awake, male in no acute distress.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat exam is unremarkable for jugular venous distention or carotid bruits.
Midline incision is well healed.
There is a colostomy in the left lower quadrant.
Pulse exam shows a palpable 2+ femorals bilaterally with dopplerable popliteals bilaterally, dorsalis pedis and posterior tibial pulses bilaterally.
Left first toe is blue with plantar tissue loss, no fracture.
There is on erythema or edema but there is diminished hair bilaterally in the lower extremities.
LABORATORY: Electrocardiogram showed a left axis deviation, wide QRS unchanged from previous Electrocardiogram.
The patient had undergone and arteriogram of the lower left extremity on [**2124-5-23**] which demonstrated renal arteries were diffusely diseased, small in caliber bilaterally, more prominent on the left.
There was diffuse irregularity of the infrarenal abdominal aorta without evidence of stenosis or aneurysm.
There is focal moderate lesion at the origin of the right internal iliac artery.
There was marked diffuse disease of the right external iliac artery.
There is a tubular stenosis in the left common iliac artery and diffuse irregularity with more focal moderate stenosis of the left external iliac.
There was a 17 mm gradient between the distal abdominal aorta and external left iliac artery.
Left leg showed profundus femoris was patent at the common femoral with mildly irregular otherwise unremarkable.
The SFA was diffusely diseased with a severe long radial stenosis at the adductor canal.
The popliteal artery was mildly irregular with a three vessel run off with spinal stenosis in the proximal anterior tibial and proximal segment of the posterior tibial.
There is diffuse irregularity of the anterior posterior tibial arteries.
Postop day one, he required Nitroglycerin for systolic hypertension and required two units of sodium bicarbonate for metabolic acidosis.
On postop day one the resident of the Vascular service was called to see the patient because of sinus tachycardia and systolic blood pressure in the 90's.
The patient had undergone hemodialysis earlier that day and he felt that the hypotension and tachycardia were secondary to volume extraction and intravascular depletion.
The patient was bolused with significant improvement in his systolic blood pressure.
Aorta iliac femoral disease, status post aortobifemoral.
End-stage renal disease on dialysis with hyperphosphatemia corrected.
Hypertension with systolic hypertension perioperatively, treated, resolved.
Diabetes mellitus insulin dependent, left arm arteriovenous fistula for hemodialysis.
