Lungs with few crackles right greater than left; no wheezes.
Cardiovascular:  S1, S2, tachycardic, II/IV systolic ejection murmur at the right upper sternal base.
Extremities with three plus pitting edema bilaterally.
EKG showed sinus tachycardia of 115, left atrial enlargement, extreme rightward axis, new compared to [**1-/2138**], which had normal axis.
Inferior Q waves in III, AVF, T wave flattening in I, AVL, V5 through V6, poor R wave progression.
Cardiovascular:  The patient was ruled out for an myocardial infarction with cycling cardiac enzymes and a repeat EKG.
With known history, the patient got an echocardiogram that showed ejection fraction of 20 to 30%, mild symmetric left ventricular hypertrophy, right ventricular cavity markedly dilated, and abnormal septal motion/position consistent with right ventricular pressure volume overload, mild aortic regurgitation, severe four plus tricuspid regurgitation, pulmonic valve leaflets were thickened and end-diastolic regurgitation capacity was increased, suggesting pulmonary artery diastolic hypertension.
Overall, it was noted that the patient had very severely depressed left ventricular systolic function and the right ventricular cavity was markedly dilated.
Tricuspid leaflets were markedly thickened, severe four plus tricuspid regurgitation was seen, severe pulmonary hypertension.
The patient remained asymptomatic during his hospital course.
Pulmonary:  The patient was noted to have crackles and diuresed accordingly with lasix 20 mg and nebulizers of Atrovent and Albuterol q. four hours.
Notably, on day two of hospitalization, the patient had received Serax due to inability to sleep overnight secondary to him being a carbon dioxide retainer.
The patient was very somnolent and was drooling in bed in the morning.
A CT scan of his chest was originally done to rule out pulmonary embolism and it was noted that the patient had multiple soft tissue infiltrates in the mediastinum.
These could not be ruled out for a lymphadenopathy versus fibrositis and with the patient's history of having an esophageal web, esophageal carcinoma was high on the differential.
The patient had a follow-up MRI which showed that there was confluent soft tissue within the mediastinum and the paratracheal aorta pulmonary window and subcarinal regions.
Infectious Disease:  The patient was placed on levofloxacin 500 mg q. day secondary to original chest x-ray being read in the Emergency Room as inconclusive as to whether or not the patient had a consolidative pneumonia.
Congestive heart failure.
Pulmonary hypertension.
