Allergic reaction/angioedema  HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Ms [**Doctor Last Name 103291**] is a 56 year old female with a history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia who presented with facial swelling and shortness of breath.
After eating the patient was watching television while sitting on a carpet at her daughter's apartment that was not new or had not recently been cleaned when she felt her eyes beginning to water.
Her eyes then began to itch, she began to sneeze and she had the sensation of throat and lip swelling and tongue swelling that progressed to throat tightness.
The patient then had difficulty speaking in more than one to two word sentences and had difficulty breathing.
In the Emergency Department she was noted to be in mild respiratory distress with moderate angioedema on examination.
She was seen by Otorhinolaryngology who noted an edematous uvula but the posterior pharynx was easily visualized without evidence of laryngoedema.
Neck was soft with no fullness or edema.
She was admitted to the Fenard Intensive Care Unit for monitoring of her respiratory status and of her airway.
Allergic rhinitis with episode of bronchospasm last year.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
SOCIAL HISTORY:  Negative tobacco, minimal ethyl alcohol, no intravenous drug use.
FAMILY HISTORY:  No family history of angioedema or allergic reaction to require a respiratory support.
Mother with hypertension and with breast cancer.
General:  The patient was alert and oriented and appeared comfortable in minimal respiratory distress.
Oropharynx was clear with no evidence of obstruction or edema.
Neck was supple, no lymphadenopathy and no swelling.
Heart was regular rate and rhythm without murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally without wheeze, rhonchi or rub.
Abdomen was soft, nontender, nondistended with positive bowel sounds.
Extremities were warm and well perfused with no edema.
On arrival the patient was in minimal if any respiratory distress, feeling much improved.
The patient continued to improve and in the morning felt swell without complaint of respiratory difficulty or shortness of breath.
She complained only of a mild sore throat and slept well for the prior few hours.
She was also instructed to avoid seafoods, and the carpet as these were considered possible triggers for her episode.
Allergic reaction 2.
Respiratory distress  DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Prednisone 40 mg p.o.
