This pregnancy was complicated by advanced maternal age and large fibroid (13 cm) which was known to be obstructing the birth canal.
Maternal history also significant for an abnormal Pap smear.
Infant was delivered through a vertical incision, with a large amount of bleeding noted (placenta incised).
Extraction was difficult, with eventual breech extraction, being removed by both feet.
Infant was brought to warmer, noted to be limp, cyanotic, with no respiratory effort and heart rate of 60.
The infant was also noted to have multiple small bruises on extremities and upper trunk in OR.
Infant was initially transferred to well newborn nursery, noted to have desaturation episode x1 which resolved, and remained pink on room air.
At 2 hours of life, noted to have mild grunting and flaring with increased work of breathing, saturating in low mid 80s on room air.
Chest x- ray at that time revealed a small right pneumothorax.
At approximately 6 hours of life, infant noted to have repeat desaturation episodes to low 90s.
Repeat chest x-ray revealed pneumothorax has increased in size, increased bilateral haziness and decreased lung volumes.
Patient was subsequently transfered to [**Hospital1 18**] for further management with chest x-ray prior to ambulance ride revealed minimal residual pneumothorax  PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  At discharge, current weight is 3460 grams which is in the 75 percentile, head circumference is 35 which is in the 75 percentile and length is 56 cm which is greater than the 90 percentile.
General appearance: Well appearing term infant recovering from presumed pneumonia and pneumothorax.
Neurologic: Infant swaddled on an off open warmer, active on exam, has a positive suck, positive root, positive grasp and positive truncal incurvation and tone is AGA.
Breath sounds are equal and clear with mild subcostal retractions.
GI: Abdomen soft and round, positive bowel sounds, no hepatosplenomegaly, cord on and drying and patent anus.
No click or clunk on exam and spine is straight.
Chest x-ray revealed persistent right pneumothorax but not significantly larger than previous, as well as an anterior pneumothorax.
Subsequent CXRs also showed a possible small left pneumothorax.
On day of life 1, infant was intubated for worsening respiratory distress.
Chest x-ray revealed low lung volumes and diffusely hazy lungs but no pneumothorax.
Infant has history of intermittent murmur, presently no murmur audible at this time, and his blood pressure has been stable in NICU and blood pressure was 89/57 with a mean of 68.
UAC and UVC placed for parenteral nutrition and frequent blood draws to monitor respiratory status.
Neurology: Infant does not meet criteria for head ultrasound screening.
Chronic lung disease 4.
Hemodynamically significant congenital heart disease.
Before this age (and for the first 24 months of the     child's life), immunization against influenza is     recommended for household contacts and at home     caregivers.
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends     initial vaccination for preterm infants at or following     discharge from the hospital if they are clinically     stable and at least 6 weeks but fewer than 12 weeks of     age.
