Indications for procedure were morbid obesity with a body mass index of 56 and cholelithiasis.
No active gallbladder disease.
Some history of musculoskeletal pain in the left shoulder with over use.
The patient states no intravenous or recreational drug use.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
The patient was afebrile with a height of 5 feet 5 inches, a weight of 340 pounds, and a body mass index of 56.
General examination revealed a well-developed, obese woman in no apparent distress.
HEENT examination revealed normocephalic and atraumatic head, anicteric sclerae.
No cervical lymphadenopathy.
No thyromegaly.
A regular rate and rhythm, with no murmurs, rubs or gallops.
No hepatosplenomegaly was appreciated.
No renal bruits were heard.
Extremities revealed slight pitting edema, left greater than right.
Palpable posterior tibialis pulses.
Abdominal ultrasound revealed multiple gallstones without evidence of acute inflammation or cholecystitis.
Her Foley was irrigated with no increase in urine output.
At this time it was felt that a return to the operating room and re-exploration to rule out abdominal compartment syndrome and/or complications with surgery was warranted.
No signs of hemorrhage, and no signs of leakage were discovered.
No signs of acute abdominal syndrome were noted during the procedure.
The patient was reclosed (see the Operative Report for this procedure) and admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for closer monitoring with a tentative diagnosis of acute renal failure.
During this episode of anuria on postoperative day one, prior to being taken back to the operating room for an exploratory second look, the patient's vital signs had remained stable and afebrile with a temperature of 98.6, heart rate of 80, blood pressure 122/70, satting 95% on room air.
Renal consultation assessed the patient with the finding that the patient most likely suffered acute tubular necrosis secondary to multifactorial insult of taking large quantity of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (up to 800 mg of Advil q.i.d.
Consistent with this was a urinalysis which revealed muddy/brown casts and renal tubular epithelial cells consistent with acute tubular necrosis.
She was receiving Kefzol 1 g intravenous q.8.h., heparin 5000 units subcutaneous, Zantac 150 mg intravenously q.8.h., and a propofol drip to maintain a sedated status for the intubation.
the part of the Roux-en-Y which was no longer connected to the esophageal tract) was draining 190 cc of normal-appearing gastric contents.
The patient was still making good urine at this point with pain well controlled with patient-controlled analgesia.
She was afebrile with a temperature of 98.9, heart rate of 90, blood pressure 118/76, respiratory rate of 16.
Extremities with mild incisional tenderness.
Extremities revealed 1+ edema bilaterally at the ankles.
Continued with improvement, able to tolerate a stage II without difficulty, minimal drainage from her G-tube.
Vital signs were stable, afebrile at 97.5, heart rate of 77, respiratory rate 18, blood pressure 140/66, satting 99% on room air.
No murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Abdomen was soft, nondistended, mildly obese with mild incisional tenderness.
Wound margins were clean, dry and intact and well approximated with no discharge, erythema, or exudate, or signs of infection.
Extremities revealed no clubbing, cyanosis, and trace edema bilaterally.
The plan was made for the patient to keep the G-tube clamped; however, the patient was instructed to attach a Foley bag with which the patient will be discharged in case of feelings of excessive bloating, nausea or vomiting, and to call the Surgery Clinic if this happened.
The patient was advised to follow up with her primary care physician in the next two weeks to monitor blood pressure and thyroid function with possible need for adjustment of these medications.
The patient was advised of all of the signs or symptoms or complications from the surgery and/or wound infection and told to call the Surgery Clinic and/or come to the Emergency Department if any of these arose.
Acute renal failure/acute tubular necrosis; secondary to nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug use.
