The pain was radiating to the left arm and he relates that this complaint has been occurring for at least several weeks.
This episode is similar to his previous back pain which has been unrelieved with NSAIDs in the past.
The pain is much worse with walking and is associated with some shortness of breath at those times.
The pain was relieved with sublingual nitroglycerin at the outside hospital.
Cardiac catheterization showed three vessel disease with completely occluded RCA and LAD and with a new thrombus in the left circumflex artery.
The patient experienced hypotension during cardiac catheterization and required an intra-aortic balloon pump placement.
SOCIAL HISTORY:  No tobacco.
The neck revealed no JVD.
Cardiovascular:  S1, S2, with distant heart sounds.
No tenderness.
Extremities:  No edema.
EKG on arrival was significant for sinus rhythm with right bundle branch block as well as a first-degree AV block, ST-T depressions in V1 through V6 and Q waves in V4, V5, and V6.
Cardiac catheterization had revealed ostial 20-30% in the left main, severe disease in the RCA with total occlusion, mostly chronic, LAD with total occlusion, again mostly chronic, and left circumflex with what appeared to be a large filling defect and acute thrombus which was successfully stented.
He remained very unstable on an intra-aortic pump with acute ischemia and EKG changes anytime wean was attempted.
Our initial approach was to proceed towards cardiac surgery given the history of severe disease.
We, therefore, decided to obtain a Persantine MIBI test which showed a fixed large inferior defect as well as a partially reversible lateral wall defect.
As the day progressed, he became incredibly agitated, tremulous, and there was an increasing question about delirium tremens in the context of alcohol.
He was able to breathe room air following that with no complications.
HEMATOLOGY:  The patient had a drop in the hematocrit consistent with multiple procedures and the use of heparin.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  During multiple times through his stay, the patient spiked fevers between 101 and 102 degrees.
Multiple blood cultures showed no clear identifiable source, although he did have a blood culture positive for group B Streptococcus as well as a poor sputum sample positive for gram-positive cocci.
He probably has undiagnosed diabetes and will require outpatient management with probably the initiation of oral hypoglycemic therapy later on.
RENAL:  The patient had no renal issues at all during the hospital course.
