Maternal blood type A negative, antibody negative, group B strep status unknown, hepatitis B surface antigen negative, and rapid plasma reagin nonreactive mother.
ANTEPARTUM COURSE:  The antepartum course was remarkable for intrauterine insemination pregnancy with resulting triamnionic-trichorionic triplets.
There was cervical incompetence diagnosed and cerclage placed at 20 weeks.
The mother was briefly admitted at 20 and 5/7 weeks and 24 and 3/7 weeks for a shortened cervix.
The mother received spinal anesthesia with artificial rupture of membranes at delivery by cesarean section with initial Apgar scores were 7 at one minute of age and 8 at five minutes of age.
There was initial moderate respiratory distress, and continuous positive airway pressure was initiated.
There were no known sepsis risk factors except for prematurity.
RESPIRATORY ISSUES:  There was initial moderate respiratory distress.
There, the respiratory distress continued and the infant was intubated and received two doses of surfactant.
Subsequently, the infant has been comfortable in room air with minimal retractions and has not required any additional respiratory support.
There have been no problems of apnea of prematurity.
CARDIOVASCULAR ISSUES:  The infant's blood pressures have remained normal during this admission with no requirement for volume or blood pressure medications.
The infant has no active cardiovascular issues.
There have been no subsequent problems with hyperbilirubinemia.
The infant has not had a subsequent hematocrit checks since the initial hematocrit of 48.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE ISSUES:  Although there were no sepsis risk factors other than prematurity, given the infant's initial respiratory distress, a 48-hour sepsis evaluation was initiated.
Her chest x-ray showed only low lung volumes and haziness which were consistent with respiratory distress syndrome.
There have been no subsequent Infectious Disease issues.
Medications:  No medications.
(2) [**Month (only) **] between 32 and 35 weeks gestation with 2/3 of the following; with plans for day care during respiratory syncytial virus season, with a smoker in the household, neuromuscular disease, airway abnormalities, or with preschool siblings; and/or (3) with chronic lung disease.
Influenza immunization should be considered annually in the Fall for preterm infants with chronic lung disease once they reach six months of age.
Before this age, the family and other care givers should be considered for immunization against influenza to protect the infant.
Status post respiratory distress syndrome requiring surfactant.
