There were deep variable heart rate decelerations which returned to baseline noted during fetal monitoring during labor.
Infant emerged limp and [**Doctor Last Name 352**] with no spontaneous respiratory effort.
He was given a dose of naloxone then intubated for persistent apnea.
Of note, the mother has history of depression, which was treated with Prozac and Klonopin.
PHYSICAL EXAM UPON DISCHARGE:  General: Non dysmorphic term male on room air, no acute distress.
Abdomen soft, no masses, positive bowel sounds.
The infant had a cyanotic episode nad transient tachypnea following his circumcision in the regular nursery and was transferred back to the NICU, where he initially had infrequent episodes of desaturations.
The desaturations also resolved spontaneously, and were attributed to respiratory immaturity and tonal abnormalities secondary to maternal SSRI use.
At the time of discharge, the infant has been asymptomatic with no cardiorespiratory events for 5 days.
Due to decreased perfusion this baby received a normal saline bolus shortly after initial admission to the neonatal intensive care unit; there was no further hemodynamic instability.
Enteral feeds were started at approximately 12 hours of life and were well tolerated with excellent intake and no incoordination.
Antibiotics were discontinued at 48 hours with negative cultures and no further clinical evidence of sepsis.
There were no other gastrointestinal issues.
The infant was noted to have hypotonia with exaggerated deep tendon reflexes.
There was no evidence of seizure activity clinically in association wiht the desaturation episodes.
MRI showed small amount of parasaggital and intraventricular hemorrhage, thought to be secondary to birth and not contributing to the tonal abnormalities.
Neurological examination findings were attributed to antenatal SSRI exposure and resolved somewhat by the time of discharge.
Neonatal respiratory immaturity, resolved 3.
Tonal abnormalities secondary to antenatal exposure to serotonin reuptake inhibitor 4.
Mild parasaggital and intraventricular hemorrhage 5.
