HOSPITAL COURSE:   The patient was transported from the Operating Room to the Intensive Care Unit with a labile blood pressure on low dose inotropic support with an intra-aortic balloon pump, Levophed and requiring large amounts of volume resuscitation.
At that time, the patient had sheaths in bilateral femoral arteries and as the patient had Doppler-able pedal pulses, they were just continued to observe patient.
On that first postoperative night, the patient required large amounts of volume resuscitation, continued to remain acidotic, however, the patient progressively stabilized.
The patient was re-sedated due to his hemodynamic instability.
On the morning of postoperative day number three, the patient had been having runs of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia on an amiodarone infusion.
The patient developed atrial fibrillation and was given boluses of amiodarone and electrolytes were corrected.
The patient initially became hypotensive and the patient required DC-cardioversion and was subsequently converted into sinus rhythm.
By chest x-ray the patient was with increasing pulmonary edema with diffuse patchy infiltrates.
It was recommended that the patient undergo a videoscopic swallowing evaluation which subsequently showed that the patient had functional oropharyngeal swallowing ability for pureed foods and nectar thick liquids.
The patient had periods of confusion during this time and re-oriented easily.
The patient was started on Haldol for episodes of confusion and agitation with good effect.
The patient continued to require large amounts of pulmonary toilet with occasional nasotracheal suctioning.
It was noted on postoperative day number seven that the patient had an elevated white blood cell count.
The patient was pan-cultured and subsequent sputum cultures showed that he was growing Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus for which he was placed on Vancomycin.
The patient also had a positive urinalysis with subsequent negative urine cultures.
The patient was empirically started on ceftriaxone as he had developed a urinary tract infection while on Levofloxacin.
Heart is regular rate and rhythm without rub or murmur.
Lungs with bilateral rhonchi, positive sputum production with cough, without wheezes.
Bilateral lower extremities with three plus pitting edema, bilateral vein harvest incisions draining small to moderate amounts of serosanguinous fluids, which are covered with a dry sterile dressing.
There is no erythema.
The sternal incision has staples which were intact.
Coronary artery disease.
Postoperative cardiac arrest and re-operation.
Postoperative Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia.
Lasix 40 mg intravenously three times a day until lower extremity edema is decreased, and then should be changed to p.o.
