CHIEF COMPLAINT:  Hypoxic respiratory failure and shortness of breath.
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 39-year-old male with a history of HIV diagnosed one year ago with CD-4 count currently 25, not on treatment secondary to fear regarding side effects of medication.
Patient also has a history of hepatitis B.
He was admitted with weakness, progressive worsening dyspnea, hypoxia and hypotension and fever.
Chest x-ray with diffuse bilateral infiltrates concerning for PCP.
Patient intubated for a total of two times for hypoxic respiratory failure.
Patient also developed perirectal HSV type 2 lesion and started on acyclovir.
SOCIAL HISTORY:  He is a homosexual male.
Prior EToH abuse as well as history of intravenous drug abuse.
Generally, the patient was gaunt man with temporal wasting in no acute distress.
Oropharynx was significant for thrush noted on the tongue.
No other lesions or exudates were noted.
Neck was supple with no lymphadenopathy and no jugular venous distention.
No appreciable murmur.
His lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally with no wheezes, crackles or rales.
Extremities were free of any clubbing, cyanosis or edema.
There was no costovertebral angle tenderness in the back.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia:  Patient was maintained on a cool mist mask for oxygenation and his sats remained 92-98%.
HIV/AIDS:  For HIV/AIDS patient will follow up with the Infectious Disease Clinic for initiation of HAART therapy.
Otherwise, patient was maintained on acyclovir for herpes which was discontinued prior to discharge due to the fact that no active lesions were visualized.
Patient was continued on Mycelex for thrush and he was initiated on azithromycin for max prophylaxis.
Patient remained afebrile and stable on his medication regimen.
Elevated liver function tests:  The patient's liver function tests were noted to be elevated secondary to initiation of Bactrim, again felt secondary to antibiotics.
The patient had no evidence of hepatobiliary obstruction.
An ultrasound of the right upper quadrant was performed which revealed homogenous liver with no focal mass lesions or dilated intrahepatic biliary radicals.
The gallbladder demonstrated minimal dependent debris, no definite stones, no wall thickening or adjacent fluid to suggest acute process.
There was no fluid in the abdomen.
The kidneys demonstrated normal corticomedullary thickness and echotexture without hydronephrosis or nephrolithiasis.
Patient also had elevated pancreatic enzymes in the setting of having normal abdomen examination with no tenderness throughout.
Patient was tolerating a regular diet without any nausea, belly pain or other complaints.
These findings were felt to be consistent with AIDS and were to be followed.
Hepatitis C surface antibody positive.
Hepatitis C antibody is pending.
Hepatitis C viral load pending.
Iron studies were sent and were consistent with anemia of chronic disease.
The patient had no guaiac positive stools.
The etiology of his anemia was felt secondary to AIDS.
Psychiatric:  Patient was considerably anxious as well as depressed during his hospitalization.
His anxiety was managed with p.r.n.
Otherwise, patient's hyponatremia was also felt to be exacerbated by his pneumonia.
Cardiac:  Patient had tachycardia upon ambulation.
Patient had no events on telemetry and no evidence of arrhythmia during his Intensive Care Unit stay or on the floor.
Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia.
Hypothyroidism secondary to congenitally absent thyroid gland.
Hepatic ulcer secondary to HSV type 2.
Anemia of chronic disease.
Anxiety disorder.
Having no shortness of breath at rest.
No ectopy or events on telemetry.
Patient's renal function is at baseline and patient's anxiety disorder is at baseline.
Patient's hyponatremia is stable.
