Briefly, this is a 79 year old female with a significant past medical history for coronary artery disease and diet-controlled diabetes mellitus, who was admitted on [**4-29**] after being found unresponsive and hypothermic.
She was intubated in the Emergency Department secondary to rales and respiratory acidosis.
She had a traumatic intubation complicated by significant post-intubation bleeding, requiring packing by ENT.
Her Medical Intensive Care Unit course was significant for sepsis of unclear etiology.
She had an elevated white count and had been transiently hypotensive requiring a short course of pressors.
She had had elevated liver function tests but her ultrasound had been negative for cholecystitis.
She was treated for a total of seven days of antibiotics, Ampicillin, Levofloxacin and Flagyl for sepsis of unclear etiology.
Her Medical Intensive Care Unit course was also complicated by difficult extubations secondary to significant posterior pharyngeal trauma with continued bleeding.
In the Medical Intensive Care Unit she also had one episode where she had an elevated systolic blood pressure in the 190s with a heart rate in the 160s.
PULMONARY:  The patient had been status post traumatic intubation with significant posterior pharyngeal trauma requiring significant packing and ENT follow-up with a five day treatment with steroids to decrease the edema.
By the time that the patient had been transferred to the floor, she was seen to have very minimal bleeding but no stridor.
The patient's second pulmonary issue had been some minimal respiratory distress which prompted a chest x-ray.
The chest x-ray showed evidence of a left lung collapse.
The chest CT scan showed that there was complete collapse of the left lung, most likely due to central mucus plugging.
On the day that the bronchoscopy was performed, the patient was noted to have improved breath sounds on the left side and the chest x-ray showed improved aeration of the left lung with clearance of the mucus plug, thus, the patient did not undergo bronchoscopy.
In addition, there was some concern that the patient should not undergo bronchoscopy given this recent posterior pharyngeal trauma and the concern for re-bleed secondary to introduction of a foreign object.
Cardiovascular:  The patient has a history of coronary artery disease status post a two vessel coronary artery bypass graft.
The patient had generally been asymptomatic with her bradycardia but we thought it reasonable in this patient to keep her off of beta blocker.
Of note, the patient has a history of congestive heart failure with mild left ventricular hypertrophy and an ejection fraction of 30 to 40% with combined systolic and diastolic dysfunction.
Finally, the patient did have some periods of asymptomatic bradycardia as previously discussed.
She was asymptomatic during these episodes, but again we believe that she should be held off all nodal agents.
Neurological:  The patient has a history of cerebrovascular accidents in the past and had been on Plavix, however, we had kept her off the Plavix while she was n.p.o.
and also because there was an original concern of increased bleeding from her posterior pharyngeal trauma.
The patient's neurological status was somewhat questionable as she remained delirious despite out attempts to rule out all reversible causes of delirium.
She did not show evidence of hypoxia or hypercarbia.
She was not showing any evidence of infection.
The Cardiology Team was consulted and they felt that her delirium episodes were not correlated with her periods of bradycardia which usually occurred at night.
Of note, also the patient had had bradycardia since three years prior to her current presentation and it was felt that her delirium was likely not secondary to this and that a pacer would likely not improve her delirium.
Her delirium was thought then to be perhaps multi-factorial, and she was likely to improve with further improvement of her general condition.
Infectious Disease:  The patient had remained afebrile without a white count throughout her transfer to the Floor.
She had no focal signs or symptoms of infection, but given that she had had the left lobe collapse, there was a concern of a ventilator acquired pneumonia or an aspiration pneumonia, and so she was kept on Ceftriaxone and Flagyl empirically for a seven day course.
She did not have a white count, was afebrile, hemodynamically stable, and had no indication for antibiotics.
Endocrine:  The patient had a history of diabetes mellitus, diet controlled at home.
She had had acute episode of hypoglycemia and so we were more liberal with her sliding scales to prevent any hypoglycemic episodes.
The patient also has a history of hypothyroidism and her home dose of 75 micrograms p.o.
Once she was to the floor, she had no more signs of significant bleeding and did not require any further transfusion.
Nutrition:  The patient's nutrition issues was actually a rather big deal as she underwent a number of Speech and Swallow evaluations including video swallow studies, which showed that she had continued aspiration of secretions.
It was unclear if this was secondary to her delirium, some weakness in her swallowing function or increase in her secretions.
An OG or nasogastric tube could not be placed given that she had had this history of significant trauma to her posterior pharynx and we were concerned about the possibility of rebleeding.
We would also not like the fingersticks to be very elevated as with elevated blood sugars she would be at an increased risk of developing a line infection.
At rehabilitation, she will also need repeat Speech and Swallow evaluations as her delirium improves, so perhaps she will improve and not necessitate a PEG tube placement.
At the time of this dictation, we felt that a PEG tube would not be appropriate as it is likely that she will overcome this swallowing difficulty in the short term and we were also concerned that the procedure would put her at an increased risk of re-injuring her posterior pharynx.
She is to seek medical attention if she develops fevers, chest pain, shortness of breath or any other symptom of concern.
Traumatic intubation with posterior pharyngeal trauma, delirium and dysphagia.
She had Speech and Swallow tests multiple times.
