The patient was then intubated secondary to CNS depression.
Urine toxicology screen was positive for cocaine and tricyclics, however, negative for alcohol.
She was treated with three ampules of bicarbonate that were pushed sequentially without any change in the QRS interval after an EKG had shown a wide QRS complex at 0.116.
The patient had one episode of emesis of black charcoal with a question of aspiration, as well as one large bowel movement incontinence.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Per patient's husband, medical history was unknown aside from a history of hypertension, as well as history of depression.
The husband has no prior history of suicide attempts.
ALLERGIES:  The patient reportedly has no known drug allergies.
GENERAL:  The patient is intubated, sedated, and unresponsive.
HEENT:  Examination revealed pupils, which are 5 mm and sluggishly reactive and equal.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  Normal S1 and S2, 2/6 systolic ejection murmur at the left upper sternal border, regular rate and rhythm.
No wheezes, no rales.
EXTREMITIES:  2+ dorsalis pedis pulses bilaterally, no edema, no cyanosis, axillary sweat present.
Urinalysis revealed specific gravity of 1.002, negative nitrite, negative leukocyte esterase, no glucose, no ketones, and 30 protein.
Serum toxicology screen reveals Tylenol level of 123, aspirin level of 12, which is subtherapeutic, no tricyclic antidepressants, no alcohol, no barbiturates, and no benzodiazepines.
Urine toxicology screen is positive for cocaine, but negative for benzodiazepines, barbiturates, opiates, amphetamines, and methadone.
T-wave inversions V1 to V4, with question of biphasic T waves.
Chest x-ray:  No acute cardiopulmonary process.
No evidence of aspiration pneumonia.
No pneumothorax.
No evidence of pulmonary edema.
NEUROLOGICAL/PSYCHIATRIC:  The patient is status post overdose with multiple medications, unclear quantity taken, given positive serum TCA at outside hospital and borderline EKG changes with widened QRS complex, as well as borderline QTC prolongation.
The patient was ruled out for myocardial infarction given concern of tricyclic overdose as well as concomitant cocaine use, the patient was initially hypotensive.
She was given fluid boluses for hypotension to which she responded appropriately.
After being weaned off pressors, the patient actually had episodes of hypertension, given her history of hypertension.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  Given presentation with hypotension of unclear etiology, the patient was worked up with blood and urine cultures, both of which showed no growth.
Chest x-ray remained clear with no evidence of aspiration pneumonia and the patient did not receive any antibiotics.
RESPIRATORY FAILURE:  The patient was quickly weaned off assist control and changed to pressure support and extubated within a day of her admission as her mental status improved and she had a good gag and cough reflex.
GI:  Given the concern of abnormal liver function tests subsequent to Tylenol overdose, the patient's LFTs, INR, and glucose were followed.
DISPOSITION:  The patient was cleared medically with no active medical issues.
