She presented to an outside hospital with significant swelling and erythema that was rapidly progressive in her right breast.
Her neck was without swelling or masses or erythema at this time and her right breast was significantly erythematous and swollen throughout with signs of necrotic tissue in the right breast.
This erythema was demarcated at this point and was extending over to the left breast, up over the level of the clavicle and down her right flank.
There was also warmth at the site and no obvious purulent drainage or signs of a punctum.
The patient was sedated and this could not be assessed for tenderness.
Her abdominal exam was non distended with normoactive bowel sounds and soft and nontender throughout.
There was no rebound or guarding.
Extremity exam revealed no clubbing, cyanosis or edema.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  At this time, the patient was brought to the operating room for urgent intervention by Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 10656**] with a working diagnosis of abscess and cellulitis of the right breast.
She underwent at this time a left breast incision and drainage of the abscess with extensive debridement of necrotic tissue and skin.
The wound was then irrigated and copiously packed with large Kerlix dressings with subsequent dressing changes to occur.
There were no drains placed at this time.
The patient was then aggressively resuscitated in the ICU and received approximately 5 liters since the incision and drainage.
She was monitored carefully in the ICU for any signs of increasing erythema or signs of septic response.
Also at this time, plastic surgery was consulted to determine the extent of the final breast defect and the possible eventual reconstruction.
Also infectious disease was consulted at this point due to this extensive infection and their recommendations at this point were to add Zosyn to the regimen but to continue the rest of the antibiotics until we had further data from the operating room cultures.
She was brought back to the operating room for a second debridement and to search for any other signs of infection or collection.
Concern at this point was due to the continued septic physiology and despite aggressive surgical treatment the prior day and broad spectrum antibiotics.
During this procedure, a counter incision was made below the inframammary crease and the area cellulitis that appeared to have spread from her prior procedure.
This was carried down to the fascia and there appeared to be no signs of infection at the level of the fascia.
Thus, the patient had an extensive debridement of this infected breast tissue and significant debridement occurred until the skin edges showed brisk bleeding and viability.
There were no drains placed at this time and there were no complications to this second operative procedure.
Of note, at this time, her laboratory values revealed a likely compromise of renal function with a creatinine of 2.0 on postoperative day number one.
She had been admitted with a creatinine of 1.9 with no known baseline.
At this point, we had an identification of organisms as gram positive cocci but was still awaiting speciation at this time.
This was done to decrease the volume requirement slightly.
She had chest x-rays that revealed her to likely to be in ARDS versus pulmonary edema but she was maintaining her urinary output at this time.
Enzymes were also checked at this time, due to the fact that the patient received a small bolus of Levophed in the ICU.
Cardiology was consulted at this point and did not suggest any treatment with anticoagulation or other additions.
They attributed this likely to a demand ischemia at this time, due to septic physiology and the increased Levophed.
She also received a Swan-Ganz catheter at this time with slightly elevated pulmonary capillary wedge pressures.
This still did not explain her low urine output at this time with her adequate left ventricular function and her continued septic physiology requiring multiple pressors.
We were unable to find any other collections to drain and it appeared that her mastitis had largely resolved with no signs of erythema, no signs of pus and adequate drainage of the wound, with continued Kerlix dressing changes.
Also of note, there were no signs of any vegetations on the transthoracic echocardiogram.
Also checked during this time were thyroid and hormone levels which revealed her free T4 to be 0.5 which was decreased, leading to a possible thought of this being a failure of the pituitary and the adrenal access having failed the cortisone stimulation.
She was continued on hydrocortisone although she had really no response to this and continued to need all of the pressors, with no signs of improvement of her hypotension at this time.
Early in the morning of postoperative day number 5 and 4, the patient was noted to have developed a wide complex tachycardia on EKG.
At this time, she was asystolic and after being given epinephrine IV and attempts at CPR, she developed ventricular fibrillation and was defibrillated at this time.
She was given insulin, glucose and calcium for hyperkalemia for cardiac protection.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES:  Right breast mastitis and subsequent expiration.
