HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:   Briefly, this is a 58 year old male with severe oxygen dependent chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, chronic dyspnea on exertion, and chronic non-productive cough, and ?
EtOH abuse who recently underwent a routine screening CT scan and was found to have a lung mass and an incidental 5 by 5.5 centimeters abdominal aortic aneurysm while in the work-up of his lung mass.
He had a cardiac work-up which was positive for stress test and was stopped for shortness of breath.
The patient never complained of chest pain or discomfort but has been severely short of breath since [**2172**].
He wears two liters of oxygen via nasal cannula around the clock and was intubated for pneumonia in the past.
Significant for hypertension.
High cholesterol.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Interstitial pulmonary fibrosis.
Diverticular disease.
Abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Severe arthritis.
Open heart surgery due to a stabbing incident.
Multiple fractures due to a motor vehicle accident.
Right carotid surgery due to trauma as well.
ALLERGIES:   He has no known drug allergies.
He has no bruits.
His chest examination had anterior and lateral scar across his sixth intercostal space and across the sternum.
His heart was regular rate and rhythm with no murmurs, rubs or gallops.
On lung examination, he had bilateral wheezes with no crackles.
LABORATORY:  The patient's chest x-ray showed severe interstitial fibrosis and sub-hilar lung mass.
He was continued to be watched and was transfused two units of packed red blood cells for a low hematocrit.
The patient, after reintubation began to improve, however, was found to have significant secretions with suctioning.
Pulmonary was consulted for bronchoscopy as well as for management.
It was found that he had a pneumonia at that time.
He was attempted to wean on his ventilator, however, he was unable to get significant advances on his ventilator due to desaturation with any type of activity or agitation.
At that time, it was decided that the patient was possibly suffering from delirium tremens and Ativan was started.
The sputum grew out Serratia at that time and it was found to be pan-sensitive.
The patient was also given aggressive nebulizer treatments for his pulmonary status.
During that time, repeat bronchoscopy showed clearing of his pulmonary secretions and repeat lavage was clear.
Severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with home O2 requirement.
High cholesterol.
Coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft times three.
Diverticular disease.
Abdominal aortic aneurysm.
Severe arthritis.
Status post open heart surgery for stabbing.
Status post multiple fractures including jaw, skull, pelvic, bilateral lower extremities.
