History of Present Illness: 49 yo female with past medical history significant for fibromyalgia was transferred from an OSH with three weeks of intermittent chest pain and STE in II, III, and aVF.
The patient describes the chest pain as burning, diffuse left-sided chest pain, radiating to jaw and left shoulder, lasting anywhere from 5-20 minutes, and with no relationship to activity or food.
Associated symptoms include shortness of breath.
One day prior to admission, patient had a severe episode of this chest pain while driving and was brought into [**Hospital3 **] from home.
Patient also received 1x nitroglycerine at OSH with SBP decrease to the 70s, per report.
In the cath lab, patient with 95% thrombotic lesion in the mid RCA and had a 3 x 18 Vision stent placed with subsequent TIMI 3 flow.
Past Medical History: Hypercholesterolemia Fibromyalgia   Social History: Tobacco - 1 PPD; 40 PPY history EtOH - social drinker at the holidays Illicit Drugs - Denies Not currently employed, takes care of grandchildren   Family History:  No cardiac disease Diabetes Mellitus   Physical Exam: T 96.8 / HR 74 / BP 115/60 / RR 16 / PO2 100% on 2L NC Gen: lying comfortably in bed, no acute distress HEENT: Clear OP, MMM NECK: Supple, No LAD, No JVD CV: RR, NL rate.
No murmurs, rubs or gallops LUNGS: (limited anterior exam) CTA, BS BL, No W/R/C ABD: Soft, NT, ND.
No HSM EXT: No edema.
palpable 2+ DP/PT pulses bilaterally; 2+ femoral pulses bilaterally with mild oozing at right femoral site but no hematoma; right femoral bruit SKIN: No lesions NEURO: A&Ox3.
Selective coronary angiography of this right dominant dominant system revealed single vessel disease.
The LMCA, LAD, and LCx all had mild diffuse disease but no angiographically significant stenoses.
The RCA had a 95% thrombotic lesion in the mid-vessel.
Limited resting hemodynamics revealed elevated right and left sided filling pressures with a mean RA 14mmHg and PCWP 18mmHg.
Single vessel coronary artery disease.
Right ventricular function.
Mildly depressed LVEF.
[Intrinsic LV systolic function likely depressed given the severity of valvular regurgitation.]
LV WALL MOTION: Regional LV wall motion abnormalities include: basal inferoseptal - akinetic; mid inferoseptal - akinetic; basal inferior - akinetic; mid inferior - akinetic; inferior apex - hypo;  RIGHT VENTRICLE: Normal RV wall thickness.
MITRAL VALVE: Mildly thickened mitral valve leaflets.
Moderate (2+) MR.  PERICARDIUM: No pericardial effusion.
Overall left ventricular systolic function is mildly depressed.
[Intrinsic left ventricular systolic function is likely more depressed given the severity of valvular regurgitation.]
Resting regional wall motion abnormalities include basal and mid inferior and inferoseptal akinesis with apical inferior hypokinesis.
No aortic regurgitation is seen.
5.The mitral valve leaflets are mildly thickened.
Moderate (2+) mitral regurgitation is seen.
6.There is no pericardial effusion.
Brief Hospital Course: 49 yo male with past medical history significant for hyperlipidemia transferred from OSH with inferior STEMI, found to have mid-RCA lesion, and now s/p BMS and chest pain free.
Coronary artery disease At cardiac catheterization, patient found to have a 95% thrombotic lesion of mid-RCA with BMS placed.
Patient was chest pain free for the duration of her hospitalization after cardiac cath.
Her course was complicated by formation of large ecchymoses at the site of cardiac cath.
She was noted to have a right femoral bruit both before her catheterization and remained stable after her catheterizations.
Hyperlipidemia Patient reports a history of hyperlipidemia and was started on high dose atorvastatin during this admisison.
Disp:*30 Tablet Sustained Release 24HR(s)* Refills:*2*   Discharge Disposition: Home  Discharge Diagnosis: Primary: ST elevation myocardial infarction .
chest pain free.
You were found to have a heart attack which was caused by a blockage in one of your coronary arteries.
