Per detox staff, she was complaining of weakness and lethargy and had poor PO intake.
SHe was found this evening in the bathtub with altered mental status but was arousable.
She was found to have leukocytosis (19.1) and hypothermia (T 92.6).
She had acute renal failure (Cr 9.9) and hyperkalemia (7.7).
She had profound acidosis (pH 6.89/22/102/5) with bicarb of less than 5.
There was concern for a guiaic positive NG return, so started on protonix drip.
She remained hyperkalemic and acidotic.
A CT abdomen pelvis showed pancreatitis and her lipase was elevated to >[**2112**].
SHe had a bedside ultrasound that was fast negative and no pericardial effusion seen.
She denied pain  Past Medical History: HTN Type 2 DM Hypercholesterolemia  Social History: Historically heavy EtOH use, but currently at a detox facility with reportedly little supervision.
CT Head: No Hemorrhage .
Extensive stranding and fluid surrounding the pancreas and extending into the transverse mesocolon, the appearance of which is most compatible with acute pancreatitis.
Non-contrast technique limits evaluation for pancreatic necrosis and vascular complications.
Diffuse low attenuation of the liver consistent with fatty infiltration.
IMPRESSION: New discrete multiple lung opacities could be due to pneumonia, but hemorrhage related to vasculitis can also be considered due to patient's history of renal failure.
Brief Hospital Course: 65 year old female with type 2 diabetes, HTN, HL, admitted with shock of unclear etiology -- septic shock (leukocytosis, hypothermia), distributive shock secondary to pancreatitis (lipase >2500, radiographic evidence of pancreatitis), and toxic ingestion (?ethylene glycol -- elevated osmolar gap).
The differenital included septic shock (leukocytosis, hypothermia), distributive shock secondary to pancreatitis (lipase >2500, radiographic evidence of pancreatitis), and toxic ingestion (?ethylene glycol -- elevated osmolar gap).
Leukocytosis and hypothermia were suggestive of septic shock, though there is no clear source of infection.
The patient was intubated for airway protection initially but developed increasing 02 requirements.
CXR showed no infection initially, and the patient was anuric so we were unable to send urine.
There was no evidence of cellulitis.
History limited but no localizing symptoms per family.
Patient's osmolar gap was suggestive of a toxic ingestion such as ethylene glycol or methanol.
Her history of ?intoxication per son yesterday in spite of being at rehab in addition to acidosis and renal failure may support ethylene glycol ingestion.
Thus given a lipase 0f 2500, radiographic evidence of acute pancreatitis, a strong personal history of heavy alcohol abuse, a diagnosis of Acute Pancreatis was made for the etiology of the patients septic shock.
