HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 61-year-old female with a long history of interstitial lung disease on chronic prednisone, COPD, and bronchiectasis on home CPAP and 02 who presents with increasing somnolence and possible increased sputum production.
She was seen approximately two days prior in the clinic for complaints of dysphagia which felt like swallowing razor blades, at which time her proton pump inhibitor was increased.
She notes modest sputum production and cough but more importantly increased lethargy.
She was also given Narcan with minimal improvement.
History of pan-resistant Pseudomonas colonization sensitive only to Tobramycin.
Obstructive sleep apnea, on home BIPAP.
History of ductal breast CA, status post resection.
History of lumbar fracture.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Recent history of hip fracture in [**Month (only) 958**] of this year with open reduction and internal fixation.
ALLERGIES:  She has a history of acute renal failure after a long course of Tobramycin.
Head and neck examination:  No JVD noted.
Lungs:  Diffuse inspiratory rales and squeaks.
Extremities:  No clubbing, cyanosis or edema.
Neurologic: The patient was with notable asterixis on examination.
Chest x-ray showed interstitial opacities consistent with interstitial lung disease with no focal consolidation or CHF.
EKG was without acute ST changes.
She had no evidence of uremia, liver failure, or other etiology of her asterixis and as her asterixis significantly improved the following day it was felt that her mental status was likely related to excessive use of sedating medications.
It was not thought that she had any increased C02 retention.
RESISTANT PSEUDOMONAS COLONIZATION:  The patient was not felt to have a new pneumonia and chest x-ray was similar to her baseline; however, she is thought to have resistant Pseudomonas colonization related to her bronchiectasis.
CHRONIC LUNG DISEASE:  She will continue on home CPAP, home 02, home nebulizers including Albuterol, Ipratropium, and Mucomyst as well as outpatient chest PT.
Her MS Contin was held because of concern for somnolence.
CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE:  She had no evidence of heart failure during her admission.
RENAL:  Her creatinine was initially elevated, thought to be related to hypovolemia and decreased p.o.
She was given Nystatin swish and swallow for possible thrush as a cause of her dysphagia, although no thrush was noted on examination.
She was urged to have outpatient follow-up for possible EGD if these symptoms continue.
