admitted with decreased responsiveness and respiratory distress.
Patient's past history of present illness is not well known except that the patient has been noted to have increasing dyspnea over the past month or two, most notable with exertion.
The patient gets short of breath after a block or so.
The family of the patient also said that the patient had been coughing for a unresponsiveness and very short of breath.
She was not noted to have any fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea or constipation, rhinorrhea or sore throat prior to admission.
In the Emergency Department, she had a chest x-ray which demonstrated right middle lobe pneumonia.
She also received Solu-Medrol and nebulizers in the Emergency Department for a question of a chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flare.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
General:  The patient is vented, sedated in no acute distress.
Small hemorrhage in left conjunctivae.
Heart: Regular rate and rhythm, no murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Lungs: Coarse rhonchi bilaterally.
Inspiratory and expiratory wheeze with increased expiratory time.
Extremities:  Cool, no edema.
Electrocardiogram:  Sinus tachycardia at 132 with normal axis, normal intervals, Qs in III and aVF.
Chest x-ray with right middle lobe pneumonia.
Pulmonary:  The patient was admitted with possible aspiration pneumonia given the questionable history of alcohol use, although, upon further questioning, his history of alcohol was less substantial.
She was also started on Combivent nebulizers and Solu-Medrol for question of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation given the patient's wheezing on physical examination.
Patient remained afebrile after a couple of days and the vancomycin was discontinued.
Because the patient was noted to be noted to have severe wheezing and also had an effusion on chest x-ray, CT was performed of the chest which showed no change in her pneumonia.
It did note small bilateral pleural effusions.
Patient was attempted several times to be weaned to pressure support from AC ventilation, however, she did tolerate this and she became very agitated and desynchronous with the ventilator.
On hospital day six, the patient had a bronchoscopy to further examine her wheezing as she had no history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, smoking, and no clear reason for her wheezing.
Bronchoscopy demonstrated very severe tracheomalacia with 80-90% distal tracheal collapse, also severe malacia of her RMST/RBI with complete obstruction of the bassilar segments of the right lower lobe, moderate collapse of her left main stem bronchus.
On hospital day ten, the patient's temperature spiked and grew gram positive cocci in her sputum.
Cardiovascular:  The patient was initially brought to the floor on Neo after her failure with dopamine.
Patient's blood pressure remained somewhat tenuous and the patient's Neo was changed to a vasopressin with good improvement.
She underwent cardiac echocardiogram which demonstrated normal ejection fraction, moderate to severe mitral regurgitation.
Patient became increasingly total volume overloaded during her admission, up to 20 liters positive.
However, her intervascular space remained volume depleted.
Renal:  Patient was admitted with acute renal failure with a creatinine of 2.0.
Infectious Disease:  Patient was started on antibiotics for her pneumonia as listed in the pulmonary section.
On hospital day 14, the patient remained to have low grade temperature spikes.
Patient will have CT of the sinuses to rule out sinusitis.
Due to patient's inability to wean off the ventilator, the option of percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy was discussed with the patient's family.
Patient does have a low abdomen which is likely contributing to this problem.
Increase fingersticks as well once the patient is off pressors and is doing better, she will be returned to insulin or oral hypoglycemics.
