He presented with increasing epigastric pain one hour prior to admission.
He rated his pain ten out of ten, radiating to the chest and back.
He denied fevers, chills, nausea and vomiting.
He had been seen two days prior to the Emergency Room for fever, at which time he was diagnosed with an upper respiratory infection and was discharged to home with a course of Zithromax.
At the time of admission, he was complaining of increasing epigastric pain, unrelieved by pain medications.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for morbid obesity, newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus; sleep apnea; hypertension; hypercholesterolemia and gastroesophageal reflux disease.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
His abdomen was tender in the epigastric region without peritoneal signs.
He had no masses and his prostate was normal.
Extremities were warm without peripheral edema.
Electrocardiogram was tachycardiac but sinus, without signs of ischemia.
Chest x-ray showed no infiltrate.
He received an abdominal CT in the Emergency Room, which had no evidence for leak or intra-abdominal collection.
Given his epigastric pain with unclear etiology, he was admitted for hydration and observation.
The following morning, he was taken to the operating room for diagnostic laparoscopy and to rule out ischemic bowel, leak, anastomotic ulcer, biliary colic, internal hernia or obstruction.
He had no ischemic bowel and no internal hernia.
He also had no leak at the gastrojejunal anastomosis or at the jejunojejunal anastomosis.
While his source of fever remained unknown, the rest of his symptoms, the general malaise and epigastric pain were mildly improved.
He continued to spike and have tachycardia, however.
In seeking the source of his tachycardia, it was elected to obtain non invasive studies of his lower extremity veins.
Later that evening, he was somewhat confused and complaining of numbness and tingling in his left hand and left leg.
He also had some weakness on the left side, both in his arm and his leg.
The head CT, however, was negative, without signs of edema or bleed.
It was noted, however, that his platelet count had fallen from his admission level of 186 down to 64, which presumptively diagnosed him wit heparin induced thrombocytopenia and his anticoagulation was switched to Loperidine with a goal PTT of 2 to 2.5 times normal.
He passed a large amount of bloody stool.
His stool did eventually return as Clostridium difficile positive and he was started on p.o.
He went for another abdominal CT, after being transferred to the Intensive Care Unit.
This showed a right sided pulmonary embolus, as well as some right colon wall thickening.
Eventually, in addition, he was also read as having bilateral adrenal hemorrhages.
The following morning, he was intubated for increasing tachypnea and impending respiratory failure.
Approximately 10 to 15 minutes after intubation, he became hypotensive and bradycardiac and approximately 3 minutes of CPR were started on him before complete return of his vitals.
With a presumptive additional pulmonary embolus now on the left, in addition to the known right pulmonary embolus, an echo was obtained which showed a hypokinetic right ventricle.
We decided to take him to the catheterization laboratory for pulmonary embolectomy.
This was achieved with success, removing clot from both the right and the left vessels, with return of perfusion in both lungs.
All of these things maintained him overnight; however, his laboratory studies showed evidence for increasing renal and liver failure.
He was presumed to be going through advanced stages of heparin induced thrombocytopenia with multiple thromboses.
He did, however, continue to have fevers and so we expanded his antibiotic regimen to include Vancomycin, Zosyn, Flagyl and Fluconazole.
He also had an element of anticoagulation due to his liver failure.
The neurology consult requested a head CT which showed bilateral subarachnoid hemorrhages, effacement of sulci and bilateral ventricles as well as oncho herniation.
EEG showed no background signals and a nuclear medicine study had no evidence of blood flow to the brain.
Type II syndrome.
Bilateral pulmonary embolisms, status post pulmonary thromboembolectomy.
Bilateral adrenal hemorrhages.
Clostridium difficile colitis.
Hepatic failure.
Renal failure.
Status post diagnostic laparoscopy.
Diabetes mellitus.
Gastroesophageal reflux disease.
