HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 76-year-old female who had presented to an outside hospital with symptoms consistent with upper respiratory infection.
Further evaluation revealed thickened gallbladder wall, 4.2 mm, with small 6.5 x 3.8 x 3.6 mm shadow in the neck of the gallbladder with common bile duct approximately 10.6 mm.
An ERCP was performed which revealed common bile duct with definite impression of cut-off in biliary system and underfilling of right branch.
Following this stent placement, the patient developed increased nausea and abdominal discomfort localized in the epigastric region with subsequent development of mild jaundice.
ALLERGIES:  NO KNOWN DRUG ALLERGIES.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  General:  The patient was a well-developed, well-nourished female in no apparent distress.
HEENT:  At the time of discharge there was no evidence of scleral icterus.
No evidence of oral ulcers.
No evidence of cervical lymphadenopathy.
Extremities:  No evidence of edema or rash, although there was flying resting tremor with mild cogwheel rigidity.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was a 76-year-old female with post ERCP pancreatitis admitted to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit for close observation.
CT of the abdomen performed at the time of admission showed positive stranding around the pancreas with stent in place.
At the time of admission, the patient was tachycardiac with pulse of 110, with decreased urine output.
With acute elevation of pancreatic enzymes resolving, the patient was transferred to the floor on hospital day #3.
A repeat CT scan of the abdomen was performed which revealed worsening pancreatic inflammation at the neck of pancreas.
During this period, the patient continued to spike fever, and a protocol of panculturing was performed every 24 hours with each fever spike.
By [**4-24**], the patient's clinical picture began to improve with minimal abdominal discomfort and decreasing pancreatic enzyme levels.
Follow-up CT scan was obtained which revealed decreased fat stranding, inflammation and decreased mesenteric fluid.
Neurology was consulted additionally to evaluate for persistent Parkinsonism-like tremor.
At the time of discharge, the patient was tolerating a regular diet without any abdominal discomfort, and white blood cell count was normalized with amylase and lipase decreasing.
