Patient developed C diff while taking antibiotics and has been treated for his C difficile for the last 3 weeks.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Illnesses include temporal arthritis, prednisone dependent, history of depression, history of hypertension.
History of type 2 diabetes x22 years, insulin- dependent with neuropathy.
History of gastroesophageal reflux disease.
History of hyperlipidemia on a statin.
History of benign prostatic hypertrophy.
History of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  Includes cystoscopy with bladder stone removal.
Bilateral knee replacements, status post transurethral resection of the prostate.
General appearance: A gentleman in no acute distress.
The left first toe is open ulcer with tissue loss distal to the nail.
He was prehydrated for diagnostic arteriogram.
An x-ray of the left foot was obtained to rule out osteomyelitis.
The initial culture grew staph coag positive of moderate growth, beta streptococcal group B, moderate growth, gram negative rods, rare of pre-colony morphology.
There were no anaerobe cultures growth.
The patient's foot films showed extensive small artery calcification throughout the foot.
There was mild subluxation and degeneration changes of both the first metatarsophalangeal and interphalangeal joint but no bone destruction to suggest osteomyelitis.
The lateral view, however, shows an erosion that centers at the anterior inferior articulating surface of the calcaneus of his mid foot which is suggestive of osteoarticular infection.
There was a questionable small hematoma in the right groin.
The patient had vein mapping obtained to assess for conduit for surgery.
Left superficial femoral artery was diseased with a patent anterior tibial with proximal and distal disease and a patent dorsalis pedis.
Patient did return because of a hematoma development which required evacuation under anesthesia in which there was an avulsion on the vein graft tie and this was repaired and bleeding was controlled.
Because the patient remained intubated after undergoing the hematoma evacuation he was transferred to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit for continued postoperative care.
Patient had persistent hypotension.
He was given IV steroids for adrenal insufficiency with improvement in his hemodynamic status and he was able to be extubated.
Patient's Lopressor was increased secondary to poor heart rate control and systolic blood pressure control.
The blood cultures were no growth.
Arterial insufficiency with nonhealing left first toe     ulceration x7 months.
History of temporal arthritis, prednisone dependent.
History of hypertension uncontrolled.
History of diabetes type 2, insulin dependent, stable.
History of hyperlipidemia on a statin.
History of bladder stones, status post cystoscopy.
History of benign prostatic hypertrophy, status post     transurethral resection of the prostate.
History of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Postoperative blood loss anemia, transfused.
