Pregnancy was notable for IVF assisted diamniotic-dichorionic twin gestation.
Pregnancy was complicated by cervical shortening noted at 28 weeks treated with a course of betamethasone and bed rest.
Pregnancy was further complicated by development of pregnancy associated hypertension.
On the day of delivery mother was noted to have worsening symptoms of preeclampsia with elevated blood pressures and proteinuria and was therefore admitted for cesarean section.
At delivery this infant emerged, pale with respiratory distress.
The infant was noted to be in moderate respiratory distress with grunting and retractions and was placed on CPAP.
Cardiac was regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or gallops.
Abdomen was soft and nontender without masses.
Extremities were without lesions.
Respiratory: The infant exhibited mild respiratory     distress syndrome and was treated with CPAP for 48 hours     without significant oxygen requirement.
The infant did have mild apnea of     prematurity with infrequent spells noted over the first     week or 2 of life.
No significant murmur has been     noted.
Of note, the infant was noted to develop     intermittent tachycardia with heart rate increasing as     high as 210 to 230.
These episodes of narrow complex     tachycardia would occur mostly while awake     or active and appeared physiologic with heart     rate gradually increasing from normal rates     in the 150s to over 200 and then gradually     decreasing again.
An EKG was performed that did not reveal any     evidence of heart block or arrhythmia.
The infant was somewhat slow to develop     mature oral feeding skills but at the time of discharge     has been feeding all p.o.
Infant will be     discharged on breast milk 24 calories per ounce     supplemented with Similac powder or other formula powder     as well as breast feeding.
Gastrointestinal: Infant did experience mild     hyperbilirubinemia of prematurity treated with 48 hours     of phototherapy.
No head imaging has     been performed.
2) Born between 32 and 35 weeks     with 2 of the following: Day care during RSV season, a     smoker in the household, neuromuscular disease, airway     abnormalities or school age siblings, or 3) with chronic     lung disease.
Before this age and for the first 24     months of the child's life immunization against influenza     is recommended for household contact and out of home     caregivers.
Respiratory distress syndrome.
Apnea of prematurity.
Sepsis evaluation.
Physiologic sinus tachycardia.
