The patient has a previous history of overdose on Dextromethorphan requiring hospitalization.
He denied homicidal ideation or previous suicide attempts.
He denied chest pain, palpitations, shortness of breath, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, visual or auditory hallucinations.
ALLERGIES:  NO KNOWN DRUG ALLERGIES.
General:  The patient was severely agitated and was in four-point leather restraints.
Speech was intermittently intelligible and slow, and he was diaphoretic at the time.
Dry mucous membranes.
No murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
Nontender and nondistended.
No organomegaly.
No edema or cyanosis.
LABORATORY DATA:  INR 1.2; white count 6.7, hematocrit 45.8; potassium 3.1, creatinine 0.9, CK 377; urinalysis negative for nitrites and leukocytes; serum toxicology screen negative for Aspirin, alcohol, acetaminophen, benzodiazepines, barbiturates, tricyclics and antidepressants; urine toxicology screen was negative for benzodiazepines, barbiturates, opiates, cocaine, amphetamines, methamphetamines.
Electrocardiogram was normal sinus rhythm at 150 with normal axis, normal intervals, no hypertrophy, inferior T-waves, no ST/T wave changes.
They recommended overnight monitoring in the Intensive Care Unit with stabilization of his anxiety which was normal and accompanied with the Dextromethorphan overdose but did not require any specific antidote besides hemodynamic monitoring.
The patient was aggressively hydrated and was placed on standing dose of Ativan q.4 hours 2 mg with improvement of his agitation and sedation, and he was maintained on leather restraints.
The patient improved in terms of his mental status, and his agitation also improved.
Within a few hours of starting the Ativan, the patient's hypertension and tachycardia had resolved and did not increase for the remainder of his stay in the Intensive Care Unit.
Psychiatry:  The patient has a history of schizophrenia and reportedly had been compliant with his medications at home.
Upon further evaluation, the patient felt that this was not a suicide attempt or suicidal ideation.
There was concern that the patient did not meet acute criteria for inpatient psychiatric hospitalization.
for improvement of his mental status, as he had become more somnolent throughout the day with further sedation.
Electrocardiograms were done that showed no acute arrhythmias.
The patient thought to be just sinus bradycardia without change in mental status.
He was evaluated by the House Staff who felt that he was medically cleared from his admission, given his stable vital signs and improvement of his mental status.
The patient was maintained on NPO until his mental status improved.
