End-stage renal disease 2.
Gangrenous appendicitis 3.
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 47-year-old gentleman with end-stage renal disease who is five years status post living-related donor kidney transplantation.
He presented with vomiting, diarrhea, and crampy abdominal pain.
He had presented to an outside hospital approximately one week prior to admissioAfrican American male with a history of prior to admission here with fevers and symptoms of a urinary tract infection.
Of note, he has a history of significant multiple urinary tract infections, cellulitis, hypertension, and morbid obesity, and a ventral hernia that was repaired in [**2124**].
It was felt that he was having another urinary tract infection and subsequently grew enterococcus in his urine.
His creatinine was slightly elevated at this point but came back to his baseline prior to discharge.
Once he was home, he developed nausea, vomiting and diarrhea, with crampy abdominal pain.
Chronic renal failure secondary to membranous    glomerulonephropathy.
Morbid obesity.
History of urinary tract infections.
History of a large ventral hernia.
History of cytomegalovirus infection.
Left popliteal deep venous thrombosis.
Left arteriovenous fistula placement.
His neck was supple with no lymphadenopathy.
His abdomen was very obese and difficult to examine but appeared to be soft and nondistended.
He had no gurading or rebound tenderness.
No masses were felt.
Early in the morning he had respiratory deterioration and acidosis quickly progressing to the stage that he required intubation.
Our initial concern was one of pulmonary embolism, but we were unable to obtain a computed tomography scan due to his size.
He was transferred to the Intensive Care Unit where he continued to deteriorate hemodynamically, requiring pressor support.
At this point we felt that he was developing an acute abdomen, and we decided to do surgical exploration.
Upon exploration, he was found to have an incarcerated ventral hernia.
There were several areas of patchy ischemia in the small bowel; two of which were resected and left unanastomosed with a plan to bring him back for a second-look laparotomy.
At this stage, we noted sseveral other areas of ischemic bowel.
Also, his right colon was ischemic with some areas in the cecum of frank gangrene.
He underwent a right colectomy and resection of a large segment of small bowel.
