Since then, he has had subjective fevers, chills, abdominal pain in the epigastric region, with mild nausea and dry heaves.
His family also noted increased abdominal girth over the past few weeks.
He has also been progressively lethargic and decreased energy per transfer note.
On interview the patient is mildly confused and states that he came to the hospital because of "back pain" but cannot give further details.
Pt was afebrile at OSH and VSS with SBPs in the 80s-90s systolic.
He does report noticing increasing abdominal girth and weight gain over several weeks.
Endorses EtOH (2 "nips" of sambuca per day); denies any h/o IVDA or any other drug abuse.
Family History: no liver disease, no alcoholism.
Physical Exam: VS: 97.7, HR 100, BP 117/68, RR 20, O2sat 95% 4LNC Gen: lying flat in bed, interactive, NAD HEENT: + scleral icterus.
EOMI CV: RRR, no murmurs, no rubs Lungs: +rhonchi at bases Abd: distended, tense, no guarding, tender to palpation diffusely, hypoactive BS Ext: 2+ pitting edema up to knees, DP pulses palp and symmetric.
No spider angioma, no caput medusa, no palmar erythema Neuro: A/OX 3.
+ asterixis  Pertinent Results: WBC 9.4, Hct 35.6, Plt 115, MCV 108 Na 119, K 3.2, Cl 93, Bicarb 25, BUN 29, Cr Alb 2.1, bili 14.1, AST 191, ALT 90 INR 2.5, PTT 56, Fi 75 .
CXR AP: No acute cardiopulm process.
Low lung volumes .
Diffuse fatty infiltration of the liver.
Assessment for hepatic mass is limited.
Large amount of perihepatic ascites.
Hepatofugal in the main and right anterior portal veins consistent with underlying portal hypertension.
Mild gallbladder wall thickening likely secondary to third spacing given the significant ascites and cirrhosis.
Abdominal US revealed diffuse fatty infiltration of the liver, nodular hepatic contour indicating significant underlying fibrosis/cirrhosis, large amount of perihepatic ascites, and portal hypertension.
The patient underwent paracentesis with 3 liters fluid removed, no evidence of SBP.
He had stable vital signs and was alert and oriented complaining only of nausea after oral potassium replacement.
