HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is an 84 year old female who presented initially in [**2104-2-29**] with acute/chronic cough and fever.
Eventually, a repeat chest x-ray showed a right lower lobe infiltrate and the patient was sent to the Emergency Room to be treated for pneumonia.
In the Emergency Room, a CT scan of the chest was obtained and showed dense consolidation in the right lower lobe and right middle lobe with a large loculated right pleural effusion.
The patient was admitted and started on broad spectrum antibiotics, and her pleural effusion was tapped.
The pleural fluid obtained was consistent with an empyema, however, the patient underwent bronchoscopy prior to VATS to rule out malignancy.
After intubation, the patient had a tonic-clonic seizure.
The seizure was thought to be hypoxic versus toxic metabolic.
She subsequently developed a left pleural effusion which was tapped for 800 cc.
She was eventually extubated successfully on hospital day number 18, but had an acute episode of mucus plugging, which led to desaturation and tachycardia.
The patient was ruled out for a pulmonary embolism by CT angiogram and her acute desaturation was resolved with suctioning.
Aortic sclerosis.
Syndrome of inappropriate diuretic hormone, on fluid restriction.
SOCIAL HISTORY:  The patient does not use tobacco or alcohol.
General:  Somnolent, arousable to pain, apparently in no acute distress.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat:  Anicteric sclerae, no pallor, mucous membranes dry, no lymphadenopathy, no thyromegaly.
Cardiovascular:  Regular rate and rhythm, no murmur, rub or gallop, no jugular venous distention, no edema.
Pulmonary:  Lungs:  Clear to auscultation with bibasilar crackles.
Abdomen:  Soft, nontender, nondistended, positive bowel sounds, no organomegaly, no palpable masses.
Total fluid culture from original thoracentesis on the right side grew Streptococcus pneumoniae.
STUDIES:  Chest x-ray obtained on the day prior to transfer showed a moderate right sided pleural effusion with a small left sided effusion.
CT angiogram obtained the day prior to transfer showed no pulmonary embolism, increasing left sided pleural effusion and a decreasing right sided pleural effusion.
Magnetic resonance imaging scan of the head obtained four days after initial presentation to the hospital demonstrated hyperintense T2 signals in the brain stem thalamus and posterior parietal lobes.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  (continued from time of transfer)  A repeat magnetic resonance imaging scan of the head showed reversal of the above noted hyperintense T2 signal changes, however, the second magnetic resonance imaging scan did reveal an area in the posterior parietal lobe possibly consistent with a new small infarction.
A TSH level was drawn and came back elevated at 22, with a free T4 of 0.5.
Serial chest x-rays revealed persistent bilateral lower lobe atelectasis with a newly evolving left lower lobe infiltrate, which subsequently began to resolve.
Liver function tests were sent and were mildly elevated.
Dilantin was considered a possible culprit for causing hepatotoxicity as well as decreased mental status, and was discontinued.
Her alkaline phosphatase remained persistently elevated at a level of about 185 and AST remained elevated at around 50.
GGT was elevated at 210.
