He was found to have a tender right fourth toe ulcer with mild erythema.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Peripheral vascular disease, history of alcohol abuse, history of type 2 diabetes noninsulin- dependent, history of colonic polyps, history of hypertension, history of BPH status post TURP, history of gastroesophageal reflux disease, history of coronary artery disease, status post cardiac catheterization, history of GI bleeds, history of hemorrhoids.
The patient is afebrile and is in no acute distress.
Heart was regular rate and rhythm without murmur, gallop or rub.
Angiographic findings showed infrarenal abdominal aorta patent with bilateral single renal arteries.
The infrarenal abdominal aorta is severely diseased and calcified and aneurysmal.
There is severely calcified disease throughout.
There is moderate stenosis across the left iliac system with a pressure gradient of 10 mm.
The right lower extremity runoff revealed a patent common with moderate posterior common femoral plaque.
There is common profunda and superficial femoral artery.
The SFA is patent but severely diseased with multiple areas of high grade stenosis and focal occlusions.
There is reconstitution of a diseased popliteal artery with a 2 vessel runoff via the peroneal.
The anterior occludes proximally and then reconstitutes at the ankle and to a widely patent distal anterior tibial and dorsalis pedis.
At the foot, we see reconstitution of the distal segment of the posterior tibialis but this is small and stenotic.
The patient underwent a right femoral endarterectomy with a Dacron patch angioplasty and a right fem to DP bypass with in-situ saphenous vein.
Postoperative day 1, the patient had some episodes of sino bradycardia without hemodynamic compromise.
He should also call the office if he develops a fever greater than 101.5 or the leg wounds become red or drain or the groin wounds become swollen.
Right foot ischemia, status post diagnostic arteriogram,     status post right femoral endarterectomy with a femoral     to dorsalis pedis bypass graft.
History of type 2 diabetes noninsulin-dependent.
History of colonic polyps.
History of benign prostatic hypertrophy, status post     transurethral resection.
Postoperative blood loss anemia, transfused.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Unchanged from preoperative medications.
