HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is an 81-year-old female with history of diastolic congestive heart failure, hypertension, temporal arteritis, chronic renal insufficiency, and peripheral vascular disease, who presented with painless bright red blood per rectum.
After urinating she noted that the toilet bowl was filled with bright red blood with some blood clots.
She denied any abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, fevers, chills, chest pain, dizziness, palpitations, or lightheadedness.
She has never had bright red blood per rectum before.
She has no history of GI bleed.
She has not had any weight loss, melena, change in bowel habits.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  CHF with diastolic dysfunction with an ejection fraction of 70 percent in [**2139**].
Peripheral vascular disease, status post aortofemoral bypass.
Chronic renal insufficiency with baseline creatinine of 1.5 to 2.5.
Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
Diabetes mellitus type 2.
Gastroesophageal reflux disease complicated by Barrett's esophagus.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
General: Elderly female lying in bed in no acute distress.
Cardiovascular examination:  Regular, rate, and rhythm, normal S1, S2, 3/6 systolic ejection murmur radiating to the carotids.
No external hemorrhoids.
Extremities:  Warm, 1plus lower extremity pitting edema, chronic venous stasis changes with mild erythema over both anterior shins.
Chest x-ray showed no pneumonia, congestive heart failure, mild cardiomegaly with a left ventricular configuration.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  Atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response.
In the Emergency Department the patient developed atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response resulting in hypotension with systolic blood pressures in the 80s and 90s.
The patient was symptomatic with lightheadedness and dizziness.
Upon transfer to the Intensive Care Unit, the patient again developed rapid atrial fibrillation with heart rate in the 130s to 140s.
The patient was not anticoagulated given her recent GI bleed.
In addition, the patient has reportedly refused anticoagulation in the past as an outpatient for her paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
During her Emergency Department stay, the patient had another witnessed episode of bright red blood per rectum that was again painless.
The patient's hematocrit dropped from 39 to 31, and she had no further episodes of bright red blood per rectum throughout the remainder of her Intensive Care Unit stay.
Given the presentation of the patient's bleeding, the etiology of her bright red blood per rectum was felt to be due to diverticulosis, versus AVM, versus malignancy.
The patient was seen by Gastroenterology, and underwent a colonoscopy, which revealed diverticular disease and one nonbleeding arteriovenous malformation, which was cauterized.
There was no obvious site to explain the patient's bright red blood per rectum, however, it is felt that her bleeding episode was most consistent with a diverticular bleed.
The patient has a baseline anemia with a hematocrit that had been around 30 for the past several months.
This is presumably secondary to her renal disease as she is on Epogen as an outpatient.
Her colonoscopy was negative for any malignancy, however, given her history of Barrett's esophagus, she should have an outpatient EGD as surveillance for esophageal malignancy.
Diastolic dysfunction.
The patient has a history of congestive heart failure with an ejection fraction of 70 percent and mild pulmonary artery systolic hypertension.
The patient was asymptomatic and was continued on her suppressive dose of prednisone 5 mg daily.
The patient was mildly hypertensive during her ICU stay with blood pressures in the 140s-170s as her antihypertensives were held during fluid resuscitation.
The patient has a history of hypothyroidism and was admitted on 50 mcg of Levoxyl daily.
The patient's TSH was slightly elevated at 8, however, given her atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response, this dose was not increased.
It is also felt that this elevation may have been due to stress given her GI bleeding and rapid Afib.
