HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 48-year-old Korean female with a history of hypertension and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus who has end-stage renal disease requiring peritoneal dialysis for approximately the past two years.
The patient denied fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting, chest pain, shortness of breath, or dysuria.
No blood in the stool.
The patient states that she noticed that the stools were dark due to taking iron pills.
Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
End-stage renal disease requiring peritoneal dialysis.
ALLERGIES:  The patient has no known drug allergies.
HEENT:  No lymphadenopathy.
The abdomen revealed a midline surgical scar below the umbilicus and right-sided PD catheter and a left-sided insulin pump.
No erythema was noticed.
Extremities:  Warm 1+ edema with palpable pulse.
PT and DP without any carotid pulses.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the Transplant Surgery Service for pancreas and kidney transplant.
The patient continued to have a good urine output without any difficulties.
On postoperative day number two, the patient complained of soreness in the throat with having the NG tube.
The patient remained afebrile with stable vital signs and her blood sugars were between 103 and 112 and under excellent control.
On postoperative day number three, the patient had a Guaiac positive diarrhea.
The patient continued to be afebrile with stable vital signs.
The patient had a crit drop to 27 from 39.
The patient was transferred to the ICU for closer monitoring for acute GI bleeding.
The patient's pain was well controlled with morphine PCA and good stable creatinine.
The patient remained afebrile with stable vital signs.
On postoperative day number seven, the patient complained of having a hard time sleeping.
The patient remained afebrile with stable vital signs.
On examination, the patient had some serous fluid draining from the wound without any signs of dehiscence.
We obtained a CT of the abdomen to assess the wound edge and it confirmed that there were no signs of dehiscence.
The patient had an ultrasound-guided paracentesis of the fluid which improved her symptoms dramatically and decreased the amount of serous fluid production from the abdomen.
On postoperative day number nine, the patient complained of a sore throat and remained afebrile with stable vital signs with good blood sugar control.
The patient was started on some IV fluids for low blood pressure.
They stated that the sore throat was due to the presence of some irritation due to the presence of NG tube.
On postoperative day number 11, the patient remained afebrile with stable vital signs except for perhaps a low blood pressure without any symptoms.
The patient had no serous fluid draining from the abdomen.
The patient was put on Augmentin for 14 days to rule out any causes for wound infection.
End-stage renal disease.
