HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is an 82-year-old female with Sjogren syndrome and history of temporal arteritis on steroids who was recently discharged to a rehabilitation facility after a prolonged stay after a lower GI bleed from diverticulosis.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Acute renal failure with current right internal jugular tunneled hemodialysis catheter.
Right lower extremity deep venous thrombosis.
Bilateral pleural effusions, pericardial effusion.
Renal cyst.
History of congestive heart failure and volume overload.
Peripheral neuropathy.
Abdomen was soft, benign, no hepatosplenomegaly.
BRIEF HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEM:  Neurologically: The patient did have some altered mental status.
This was thought secondary to possible IC psychosis and at the time of discharge, is relatively clear, although is still ventilator dependent.
Respiratory: Due to her grave illnesses and pelvic abscesses, she did require transfer to the ICU mostly for hemoptysis.
This seemed to hold and at the time of this dictation, has no pneumothorax on her chest, but does have some bibasilar atelectasis.
Her right upper quadrant ultrasound performed showed no significant abnormalities.
GU: Of note, the patient did experience some hyponatremia and hyperkalemia during her hospitalization.
She did have hyponatremia associated with her hyperkalemia and had been diuresed after that point most recently with only small doses of Lasix given appearance of CHF on recent chest x-rays.
However, there was thought that she was somewhat hypovolemic and did require some fluid boluses of normal saline and close monitoring of her electrolytes.
Of note, the patient was on TPN for sometime and developed cholestasis with an elevated alkaline phosphatase of around 1,100.
Remainder of her LFTs were within normal limits and her right upper quadrant ultrasound did not show cholecystitis or choledocholithiasis.
She was maintained on Prevacid and Carafate for anti- ulcer prophylaxis.
She did have some electrolyte abnormalities approximately 72 hours before her transfer.
However, she eventually developed Clostridium difficile infection.
However, of note in the week before her transfer to rehab, she did have significant increase in her white blood cell count and pancultures were sent.
However, she grew Serratia marcescens from her urine which was resistant to the fluoroquinolones, which she had been  treated with.
Tubes, lines, and drains: The patient had a right internal jugular Quinton catheter and a central venous line.
