His mother is a 39 year-old gravida 4, para 1 now 2 woman with a past obstetric history notable for a twin reduction at a prior pregnancy with presumptive but unspecified syndromic diagnosis in that fetus.
Family history is negative by maternal report for congenital and pediatric problems including cystic fibrosis.
There was no intrapartum fever or other clinical evidence of chorioamnionitis.
Rupture of membranes occurred 5 hours prior to delivery and yielded clear amniotic fluid.
The infant was initially well but noted at 21 hours to have mucous emesis with a few drops of green color.
Gastric suctioning at that time revealed 3 cc of nonbilious mucousy secretions.
This evening the infant was noted to have approximately 3 cc of bilious emesis and was transferred to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit for further evaluation.
He has been breast-feeding with poor to fair success.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Physical examination reveals a term infant in no distress.
Facies are nondysmorphic; the palate is intact; neck and mouth are normal; there is no nasal flaring.
CHEST: There are no intercostal or subcostal retractions; there were good breath sounds bilaterally and no adventitious sounds.
There is mild apparent discomfort with palpation.
There is no organomegaly and no masses are noted.
CNS: The infant is sleeping but responsive to mild stimulation.
INVESTIGATIONS:  Abdominal x-ray shows markedly dilated loops of some stool filled loops but no pneumatosis and no free intraperitoneal air.
IMPRESSION:  This term infant, currently 28 hours of age, presents with bilious emesis and radiographic evidence of bowel obstruction.
The differential diagnosis is currently broad including congenital anatomic obstruction such as web or atresia, functional obstruction such as Hirschsprung or aseptic ileus, and intraluminal obstruction such as meconium ileus or stool.
We will check serum electrolytes and glucose given the history of poor feeding and uric acid crystals.
If these are abnormal or if gastrointestinal studies fail to reveal an anatomic cause of obstruction, we will start broad spectrum antibiotic coverage for an anticipated duration of 48 hours pending culture results and clinical course.
DISPOSITION:  The infant is to be transferred to [**Hospital3 18242**] for GI contrast investigations and possible surgical correction if an anatomical obstruction is noted.
