On the way to [**Hospital3 **] Hospital, she began having generalized tonic clonic seizure with some vomiting and was intubated on arrival.
The patient denied any history of seizure or stroke.
Left hip replacement.
High cholesterol.
Left ankle fracture.
ALLERGIES:  The patient has no known drug allergies.
She has no siblings.
FAMILY HISTORY:  The patient did not know many details but she denied any history of seizures in the family.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION:  Vital signs:  She was afebrile with a blood pressure of 130/60, pulse 84, respirations 20, saturating 94% on room air.
General:  She was awake and alert in no acute distress.
A small left-sided tongue laceration and poor dentition.
Extremities:  She had a scar on the left ankle, no edema.
She had no extinction  to double-simultaneous stimulation and no neglect.
Her right face showed evidence of synkinesis.
Motor examination revealed full strength except for decreased range of motion at the left ankle secondary to ulnar fracture.
Joint position sense was mildly reduced in both lower extremities.
Coordination:  Finger-nose-finger was without dysmetria.
She had a U/A which showed no evidence of infection.
She ruled out for a MI with serial CKs.
She had a head CT which showed no atrophy, no shift, and no evidence of hemorrhage.
MRI showed no evidence of acute or old infarcts.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient is a 77-year-old woman with a history of hypertension, high cholesterol who was admitted with a generalized tonic clonic seizure likely with focal onset evidenced by her initial speech difficulties.
Most likely her seizure was due to hyponatremia with a sodium of 124 as there was no evidence of infection, focal abnormality on MRI.
The patient's mental status improved over the first several days after extubation.
The patient was ambulating well with no further seizures by the time of discharge.
In addition, during the hospitalization, the patient had an MR of her cervical spine which showed some evidence of cervical spondylosis.
Generalized tonic clonic seizure in the setting of hyponatremia.
Cervical spondylosis.
