Briefly, 63-year-old female with end stage renal disease, status post cadaveric kidney transplant who was recently discharged from arrived at rehabilitation facility and was found unresponsive.
She had mild reaction and to Narcan.
As previously said, patient remained unresponsive for the first 8-12 hours in the MICU regained consciousness and became conversant.
Her arterial blood gases in the MICU revealed hypercapnia and acidosis.
In addition pt with worsening renal failure.
Pt put on bipap for OSA and obesity hypoventilation syndrome c/b hypercarbia.
Pt remianed lethargic but improved over presentation.
Her ABGs remained abnormal with PH which was 7.13 and 7.18 and PCO2 between 50 and 80.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  1) End stage renal disease.
The patient has refused to go for sleep apnea study but has presumptive diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea.
HTN 5).
DM 6) recurrent respiratory failure requiring intubation X3 over past month presumed due to OSA/Obesity hypoventilation.
7) SVC syndrome due to clots from repeated IV access lines and possible uinderlying hypercoaguable state.
8) recent hematoma in right groin due to femoral line requiring transfusion.
The baseline patient was able to ambulate and ride an exercise bike in [**Month (only) 547**] although reportedly had increasing daytime somnolence for several months prior to admit.
MEDICATIONS:  Upon transfer from the MICU included RenaGel 1,600 po tid, insulin sliding scale, Prednisone 10 mg po q d, Epogen 4,000 units subcu three times a week, Calcitriol 0.25 mcg po q d, Colace 100 mg po bid, Dulcolax 10 mg po prn, Tylenol prn, Protonix 40 mg q d, Lopressor 25 mg po bid and Imuran 100 mg po q d.  ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
Unfortunately, ultrasound revealed no patent vessels.
There was ?new left facial droop so Head CT was performed and this was negative for actue bleed/cva.
Repeat labs showed persistent acidosis with Ph 7.11 and worsening renal failure.
her acidosis appeared to be combined metabolic and respiratory.
Consultation with pulmonary was obtained and it was felt that her respiratory compromise was a combination of sleep apnea and obesity hyperventilation syndrome.
