PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Coronary artery disease, status post cath in [**2131**] showing ejection fraction of 56% with anterolateral apical akinesis.
The marginal branch of the RCA was 40% obstructed with diffuse disease.
Patient was noted to have mild mitral regurg.
A stress test done at that time showed dilated left ventricle with fixed defects and anterolateral septal wall with high grade EAE and equivocal changes.
History of peptic ulcer disease.
No previous surgeries, no known drug allergies.
The patient is alert, oriented and in no acute distress.
Cardiovascular exam was a regular rate and rhythm with no murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Cardiac output was 6.0, index was 3.3, EF was 30% with akinetic anterolateral and apex walls and hypokinetic antero basal wall and normal posterior and basal wall.
The native vessels showed left main trunk disease of 30%, left anterior was proximal 30% and mid 90% left circumflex was mid 50%.
Ramus intermedius was 90% which was angioplastied and stented and the right coronary showed an osteal lesion of 30%.
There was concern of right external iliac artery dissection.
The patient underwent a right femoral ultrasound which demonstrated triphasic flow in the right common femoral artery with plaque or flap proximal to the right SFA with stenosis and did have episodes of SVG and was begun on beta blockers.
The groin was without bleeding and he had distal pulses.
The patient, although study was abnormal but with intact distal pulses, the patient did note 72 hours after catheterization, onset of right calf and ankle foot pain with ambulation.
The patient underwent a repeat peripheral arterial catheterization which demonstrated abdominal aorta with no significant disease, renal arteries bilaterally were normal, the right lower extremity iliac is without critical lesions, the previous noted dissection is not occlusive but the site is still delineated.
The common femoral is normal, the SFA and profunda artery are normal, the popliteals occlude mid vessel and the anterior and tibial were not well visualized but appear thrombolytically occluded.
There was bilious fluid in the stomach body and antrum.
There is no active bleeding or coffee ground or bright red blood noted.
There were few superficial non bleeding 2 mm ulcers ranging in size from 2 mm to 5 mm in the stomach.
The patient experienced episode of hypertension overnight on postoperative day #1 requiring adjustments in hypertensive medications and transfusion of packed red blood cells.
Non Q wave MI status post angioplasty of the ramus intermedius with stenting.
Thrombolic ischemia of the right leg, status post thrombectomy of the anterior tibial and peroneal trunk.
Hypertension controlled.
