HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is an 80 year-old female with history of hypertension, hyperlipidemia and bipolar disorder.
She comes in with abdominal pain of less than 1 days duration.
She describes the pain as sharp and epigastric and band-like in nature.
She has had some nausea with a few episodes of vomiting without signs of hematemesis.
She was found by social working writhing in pain at her group home.
She, of note, has a long history of constipation but no recent diarrhea.
She reports no chest pain, shortness of breath or other associated symptoms.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for hyperlipidemia, hypertension; history of ventricular fibrillation with cardiac arrest.
Obsessive compulsive disorder, bipolar disorder and B-12 deficiency with a questionable allergy to sulfa and Zoloft.
Neck was supple with no lymphadenopathy.
No masses or thyromegaly were appreciated.
Heart was regular rate and rhythm with no murmur, rub or gallop.
Abdomen was firm, diffusely tender with hypoactive bowel sounds and was severely distended.
There were no signs of any rebound or guarding at this time and there were no masses palpated on exam.
There was no hepatosplenomegaly.
Extremity exam revealed no clubbing, cyanosis or edema.
Neurologic exam revealed the patient to be alert and oriented to person and place but not time and occasionally seemed confused and disturbed by the situation at hand.
A kidney, ureter, bladder film was performed that revealed marked dilation of the descending and transverse colon to 10.7 cm and then a distinct transition point in the descending colon.
There was no free air and no dilated loops of small bowel.
There was no air in the rectum.
There was also free air on this film under the diaphragm on the right side, tracking down to the hip.
An attempt was made to decompress with a rigid sigmoidoscope.
On the CAT scan, there was also notable free air retroperitoneal and subcutaneous and a cecal volvulus with colon up to 15 cm.
The right colon, at this time, was sent for pathology.
The electrophysiology service was also consulted for her converting device and suggested that she have an appointment as an outpatient in [**2108-1-25**] and that the device was indeed functioning normally after interrogation.
They suggested using Haldol as needed for agitation.
At this point, every other wick was removed and the wound looked clean, dry and intact without any signs of erythema or purulent drainage.
DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS:  The patient will be discharged to a having worsening pain, fevers, chills, nausea and vomiting, shortness of breath, chest pain, redness or drainage about the wounds or if there were any questions or concerns.
