HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 33 year-old woman with a history of end stage renal disease who is currently being dialyzed from a left upper arm AV graft.
The patient lethargy and mental status changes for the last 24 hours.
She has been eating sporadically over the last couple of days, but denies any nausea or decreased appetite.
She denies any neck stiffness or cough.
disease secondary to lithium toxicity.
She has post transplant lymphoma that has been treated with Rituxan, hypertension, history of bowel perforation likely secondary to her PTLD that required a small bowel resection and bipolar disorder.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  This is a ill appearing woman in mild distress secondary to pain and rigors.
neck was supple without lymphadenopathy.
Heart was tachycardic and regular with a 2 out of 6 systolic ejection murmur.
Examination of the abdomen revealed it was mildly obese.
There was mild tenderness to palpation in the epigastrium and hypoactive bowel sounds.
There is a well healed midline scar.
No masses or hernias are noted.
Examination of the extremities revealed erythema and warmth over the left upper arm AV fistula with an eschar present in the center of the erythematous area.
There was an intact thrill in the AV fistula and a left upper extremity was neurovascularly intact.
There was mild bilateral pedal edema.
There were no focal findings.
Chest x-ray showed no infiltrate and abdominal x-ray and electrocardiogram were unremarkable.
This was performed and a small residual cuff of Gortex was left in place on the arterial and the venous side.
The wound was left open and packed with Betadine soaked gauze.
Postoperatively, the patient was admitted to the MICU where she was hemodynamically stable and afebrile with improved mental status.
She remained afebrile and the erythema and edema on the left upper extremity decreased each day.
On hospital day number six the patient had no evidence of active infection at the site of the graft removal.
She had been afebrile and hemodynamically stable since the time of her operation and her dialysis was working well through the VIR placed catheter and it was decided that she was stable for discharge to home.
It should also be noted that she did undergo a duplex ultrasound looking for a venous thrombosis in the left subclavian and this was negative.
