Morbid obesity.
Diastolic congestive heart failure.
Ruled out myocardial infarction.
Acute renal failure.
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  A 55-year-old female with a history of hypertension, gastroesophageal reflux disease, and morbid obesity who presents with shortness of breath the patient noted five days as a cough productive of yellow and now blood-tinged sputum along with a fever to 99.4 degrees prior to admission.
She also noted that in the past several days prior to admission she had increasing lower extremity edema and orthopnea.
No nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea but positive abdominal pain (sharp, left-sided, and constant) felt to be gas pain, and also constipation (per the patient).
Gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Generally, an obese black female in mild-to-moderate respiratory distress.
Head, ears, nose, eyes and throat revealed mucous membranes were moist.
Neck revealed no jugular venous distention was noted.
Coronary examination revealed a regular rate and rhythm, distant heart sounds.
Lungs had diffuse rales and wheezes bilaterally.
The abdomen was soft, tender to palpation on the left greater than the right, obese, with no rebound or guarding.
Extremities revealed 2+ edema to the knees bilaterally.
A sputum culture was obtained with greater than 25 polymorphonuclear leukocytes and greater than 10 epithelials; consistent with oropharyngeal growth.
RADIOLOGY/IMAGING:  Electrocardiogram revealed normal sinus rhythm, rate 95, intervals within normal limits, poor R wave progressions, and T wave inversions in leads I and III.
Chest x-ray with possible cardiomegaly, right middle lobe pneumonia, possibly left pneumonia.
RENAL:  For the patient's acute renal failure the patient was seen by the Renal consultation service.
It was felt that proteinuria noted in the patient's urinalysis could be expected from fever, infection, hypertension, and obesity, and the sepsis the patient appeared to be presenting.
Renal failure was felt most likely to be prerenal in origin.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  The patient was ruled out for myocardial infarction by serial cardiac enzymes out of concern than an acute cardiac event could be accounting for the patient's congestive heart failure.
An echocardiogram was performed which revealed an ejection fraction of 40% to 45% and mild left ventricular hypertrophy.
It was a suboptimal study secondary to body habitus, but also revealed hypokinetic inferior septum and wall.
Initially, the patient's hydrochlorothiazide was held given the patient's low blood pressure, septic physiology, and acute renal failure.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  For the patient's community-acquired pneumonia was the most likely etiology, the patient was covered with levofloxacin and completed a 10-day course.
PULMONARY:  In the beginning of the admission the patient demonstrated an increased respiratory rate and decreased oxygen saturation.
A pulmonary embolus was also considered in the differential diagnosis; however, the patient was unable to obtain a CT angiogram to rule pulmonary embolus secondary to body habitus.
A LENI examination of the patient's lower extremity was negative for deep venous thrombosis.
The patient's respiratory status slowly improved; however, she was also seen in consultation by the Pulmonary Service for question obstructive sleep apnea.
The Pulmonary Service felt that it was likely that she had obstructive sleep apnea as an explanation of her ongoing shortness of breath and also felt that she likely had reactive airway disease secondary to the pneumonia.
As mentioned above, there was concern that the patient may have had pulmonary edema contributing to her low oxygen saturations.
In order to determine the patient's ability to tolerate a beta blocker and the degree of asthma that she had, she was considered for pulmonary function testing; however, these were unable to be completed on an inpatient basis secondary to logistical complications related to the patient's body habitus.
