Swallow study:  The patient had failed swallow study previously in the Medical Intensive Care Unit and was reevaluated.
Reevaluation via oropharynx video showed aspiration on both thick and thin liquids.
However, upon further discussion aspiration on nectar thick felt to be one of patient's suboptimal efforts where the patient was rushed using straw, therefore recommendation was made to allow the patient to continue on a honey thick diet with puree with careful supervision of all meals.
Recommendations were also made to have medications crushed and placed in puree, although patient did do well with small pills without being crushed.
MRI of the abdomen was done to evaluate the liver which showed moderate ascites, splenomegaly and a liver contour consistent with cirrhosis.
No abnormal liver masses or enhancement were found and the portal vein was patent.
On the [**7-7**], the patient complained of pain per rectum, thought it was reminiscent of patient's hemorrhoids.
The abscess was tender, but showed no signs of infection and was draining serosanguinous fluid.
NEUROLOGY:  Patient with hepatic encephalopathy versus seizures.
The repeat EEG was done which showed no signs of seizure activity.
The patient remained seizure free and was continued on Neurontin 300 mg 3x a day and Dilantin 350 mg broken up in 150 mg in the morning, 100 mg in the p.m. and 100 mg in the evening.
DECONDITIONING:  Patient with a stage 1 decubitus sacral ulcer noted recommending position change q2h with use of barrier cream.
Overall, the patient did well while in the hospital, although complained of feeling weak secondary to deconditioning.
Alcohol cirrhosis with esophageal variceal bleed 2.
Hepatic encephalopathy 3.
Zinc sulfate 220 mg po once a day  DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS:  The patient is also to receive suctioning to the back of his throat 4x a day and to have oxygen provided via humidified face shovel mask to prevent dryness of his oropharynx.
Perirectal abscess should be kept clean and dry and monitored.
