HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 71-year-old man with past medical history significant for type 2 diabetes, cirrhosis, alcohol abuse and hypertension who was in his usual state of health until two days prior to admission when he developed increasing fatigue, nonproductive cough and decreased p.o.
The patient also noted some neck stiffness.
In addition, he had some baseline pain secondary to vocal cord surgery approximately one week prior to admission.
For his neck stiffness and his vocal cord pain he was taking mainly Tylenol but also Aleve.
Also of note is that the patient had several episodes of hypoglycemia over the past three days.
At approximately 12:30 p.m. on the day of admission he was found by his daughter short of breath at home with a complaint of left-sided chest pain and left arm pain.
At this time he was noted to be taking rapid shallow breaths.
He was given 25 mg of IV diltiazem and became hypotensive.
Chest x-ray showed a left upper lobe pneumonia for which he received a dose of Levaquin and was eventually intubated for worsening ABG's.
The patient remained hypotensive with maps less than 60 and a heart rate in the 140's.
Due to persistently low maps and being unresponsive to intravenous fluids on three pressors, the patient was cardioverted with 200 joules.
The patient denied history of cardiac disease.
At baseline he can climb two flights of stairs without difficulty.
REVIEW OF SYMPTOMS:  Significant for worsening cough.
He denied fevers, chills, nausea or vomiting.
He denied history of gastrointestinal bleed.
He did have some chest pain when his daughter initially found him.
Vocal cord polyp removal.
Bilateral cataract surgery.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
No family history of liver or kidney disease.
Cardiovascular:  Regular, tachycardia, no murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Extremities: No clubbing, cyanosis or edema, 1 plus dorsalis pedis and posterior tibialis pulses.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  Pneumonia:  Upon admission the patient's chest x-ray was significant for a left upper field pneumonia.
These grew out Strep pneumoniae.
The following day's sensitivities revealed that this bacteria was sensitive to penicillin.
