Respiratory failure:  The patient has been continued on treatment for her Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia and has been increasingly weaned from the ventilator.
She has gone several hours at a time with a trachea mask after which she has maintained adequate oxygenation and ventilation, though, started to feel tired after several hours and has been returned to the ventilator.
Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus infection: The patient has been maintained on vancomycin.
Due to supratherapeutic levels, her vancomycin has been held and on the morning of the 25th, her vancomycin level was still 20.
She will be requiring vancomycin through the [**7-14**], which will be one month after her last positive Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus blood culture.
The patient has for the most part remained afebrile, though, did have a temperature of 102 briefly the morning of the 25th after which point she defervesced spontaneously.
It is felt that the creatinine elevation from her baseline may be secondary to prerenal physiology as the patient has been diuresed with Lasix, and overall remains total body water overloaded.
It is felt that she will likely require at least 30 mg a day replacement for her adrenal insufficiency for some time and so following discharge her hydrocortisone should be weaned down to 20 mg in the morning and 10 mg at night.
Anemia:  The patient is a Johovas Witness as mentioned before and does not allow blood transfusions, therefore, she has been maintained on 20,000 units twice a week of Procrit, as well as iron replacement, and her hematocrit has remained stable.
The oncologist noted that the patient should not be restarted on any treatment for her breast cancer at present and should follow-up with her in clinic to discuss the possibility of re-initiation of therapy.
Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia.
Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus pneumonia.
Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus urinary tract infection.
Endometrial hyperplasia.
Obstructive sleep apnea.
Morbid obesity.
Congestive heart failure.
