He presented to his Primary Care Physician's office with a two to three day history of nonproductive cough, chills and disorientation.
The patient reports a nonproductive cough, subjective fevers and shortness of breath.
The patient denies hemoptysis, nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain, diarrhea, headache or neck stiffness.
He reports no photophobia or visual changes.
An arterial blood gases on the 100 percent rebreather was 7.28/60/102 and the chest x-ray revealed right sided opacities in the right upper, right middle and right lower lungs.
The patient was given Vancomycin, Ceftriaxone, Levofloxacin, nebulizer treatments x 3 and 3 liters normal saline.
Hepatitis C, status post 48 weeks of Interferon treatment.
The patient also has a history of incarceration.
The patient is unmarried with no children.
ALLERGIES:  There are no known drug allergies.
In general, the patient was in moderate respiratory distress, cachectic.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat:  Pupils were equally reactive to light with scleral icterus.
Neck was positive for shotty cervical lymphadenopathy and a jugular venous pulse of 11 cm.
Lungs revealed coarse breath sounds bilaterally with poor air movement, prolonged I:E ratio.
There are no wheezes, no dullness to percussion.
Cardiac exam was notable for tachycardia.
There were no murmurs.
Abdomen was soft, nontender, nondistended with bowel sounds.
Extremities, no clubbing, cyanosis or edema.
A chest x-ray revealed dense consolidation of the right upper, middle and lower lobes with air bronchograms.
An echocardiogram revealed an ejection fraction of 60% without pericardial effusion.
The patient is a 47 year old male with HIV, hepatitis C, hepatitis B and history of tuberculosis exposure, incarceration, who presented with cough, shortness of breath, chills, fevers and increased white count with bandemia.
The patient was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit for further monitoring of his respiratory status.
Pneumonia - The patient was initially on Levofloxacin and Ceftriaxone for the purpose of community acquired pneumonia.
On hospital day #2, the patient was also started on Vancomycin given a gram stain sputum positive for Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Urinary Legionella antigen was negative.
The patient was also ruled out for tuberculosis with acid fast bacilli negative x 3.
The patient maintained saturations greater than 94% throughout the admission, however on hospital day #7 the patient had an episode of acute desaturation with a decrease in O2 saturation to 68% on room air.
The patient was given nebulizer treatments and pulmonary toilet with expiration of thick secretions and improvement in saturations to 94% on a 70% mask.
However the patient throughout the morning continued to remain lethargic and tachypneic and increased respiratory rate at 24.
It was thought at this time that the patient was experiencing acute respiratory distress secondary to narcotics, specifically his 90 mg dose of Methadone.
The patient had no further episodes of desaturation throughout the remainder of the hospital stay.
Human immunodeficiency:  Initially upon admission the patient's anti-retroviral of medications were held secondary to poor p.o.
Increased liver function tests:  Given increased liver function tests, the patient had a right upper quadrant ultrasound that showed dilation of both the extra and intra hepatic ducts.
No stones or sludge.
The impression was that this may be consistent with HIV cholangiopathy and recommended further evaluation as needed.
Throughout the hospital stay, the patient had a decrease of his platelets to a nadir of 565.
Hospital day #7 showed no evidence of bleeding or purpura.
Heparin induced thrombocytopenia antibody was sent and remains pending at this time.
The patient had an increase in platelet levels throughout the remainder of the hospital stay.
Anemia - Upon admission, the patient had a hematocrit level of 33.5.
Multiple stool guaiacs were negative and hemolysis sites were negative.
No blood transfusions were given.
Intravenous drug use - The patient's Methadone dose was initially held secondary to poor p.o.
However of note, the course is complicated by respiratory failure believed secondary to Methadone dosage for which the patient required several doses of Narcan.
The patient shows no evidence of any signs of withdrawal at the time of discharge.
If patient shows signs of acute narcotic withdrawal, the patient may be given an additional 10 mg dose of Methadone as needed with careful monitoring of his respiratory status.
DISCHARGE CONDITION:  DISCHARGE STATUS:  To short term rehabilitation.
Pneumonia/Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Hypercarbic respiratory failure.
