HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is an 88-year-old gentleman with a past medical history significant for atrial fibrillation and hypertension, who was found lying on the floor on the evening of admission by his son.
The patient's atrial fibrillation had been rate controlled in the past on diltiazem, but the patient was determined not to be a candidate for anticoagulation due a history of poor medication compliance and a history of melena and hematemesis secondary to gastric polyps.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  As above, Gastric polys, status post polypectomy.
In general, a large, elderly man in mild distress.
HEENT revealed normocephalic and atraumatic.
Neck had no appreciable bruits.
No appreciable murmur, rubs or gallops.
Genitourinary was positive, large amount of scrotal edema, but no pedal edema.
No response to nasal tickle or supraorbital pressure.
There was a right-gaze preference but with roving eye movements.
There was an absent corneal on the left.
No obvious facial asymmetry, but unable to induce a grimace.
On motor examination, placid left upper extremity, increased tone in the left lower extremity.
Spontaneously moved right upper extremity and lower extremity equally.
Withdrew to noxious stimuli in lower extremity bilaterally.
Sensory revealed localizing in the lower extremity by withdrawing.
A CT scan showed a large right hemispheric hypoattenuation involving the parietal and temporal lobes; concerning for inferior division middle cerebral artery stroke.
There was a moderate amount of mass affect seen from this lesion as evidenced by some sulcus effacement and minimal subsultus herniation to the left.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  While in the Emergency Department, the patient was showing increasing respiratory distress.
He was having atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response and did receive a small amount of diltiazem which slowed his heart rate; however, he continued to have respiratory distress with a decline in his oxygen saturation.
RESPIRATORY:  The patient's respiratory decline was felt to be secondary to an aspiration pneumonia, and decline in mental status, and mucus plugging.
He had thick yellow secretions suctioned once intubated and was started initially on Augmentin and then was switched to levofloxacin and Flagyl for the pneumonia and a urinary tract infection.
for rapid heart rate.
He remained in atrial fibrillation throughout this.
He did have an episode on the floor of a rapid heart rate which responded well to 5 mg of intravenous Lopressor, and he continued to maintain a good blood pressure throughout.
RENAL:  The patient was initially found to have rhabdomyolysis most likely having fallen and being down for a prolonged period; however, his kidney function remained stable with hydration.
He continued to have a right-gaze preference and a neglect of his left side.
His left side remained extremely plegic and there were no distinct appreciable words noted.
FLUIDS/ELECTROLYTES/NUTRITION:  A long discussion was held with the son, who felt that his father would want to have his life prolonged for as long as possible no matter what.
