Diabetes type 2.
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 72-year-old female with a past medical history of diabetes type 2, hypertension, right breast cancer with a history of two prior GI bleeds, who presents to the Emergency Room with four episodes of dark bowel movements, one episode of bright red blood per rectum.
The patient denied any abdominal pain, no nausea or vomiting.
No chest pain.
No shortness of breath.
Patient did have dizziness, but no syncope.
Diabetes type 2.
Breast cancer status post lumpectomy, radiation therapy.
History of lower gastrointestinal bleeds with embolization and colonoscopy.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Significant for diabetes and coronary artery disease.
The patient did have a history of hypertension.
Denied any respiratory problems.
The patient did have a history of lower GI bleeds with bloody bowel movements.
Patient did not have any dysuria or frequency.
Patient did not have any problems with musculoskeletal system.
Patient did have some anemia.
ALLERGIES:  Patient had no allergies.
The patient was a well-nourished and well-appearing female in no acute distress.
Patient had moist mucous membranes.
Her neck was supple with no cervical lymphadenopathy.
Her heart sounds were regular, rate, and rhythm with a normal S1, S2, no murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
She had some diminished lung sound in the left and right bases.
There was no shifting dullness, no masses were palpated, and the liver and spleen were of normal size.
Extremities showed no deformities.
EKG showed normal sinus rhythm, rate of 97, good R-wave progression with no inverted T's or ST elevations.
ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:  This is a 72-year-old female with a history of diabetes and hypertension, history of diverticular disease, and lower GI bleed requiring embolization, who now presents with recurrent bleed and hematocrit of 36-23.
On hospital day two, General Surgery was consulted and recommended that a bleeding scan and serial hematocrits would be followed for continued evidence of persistent bleeding of the lower GI tract.
Patient tolerated the procedure well and was transferred intubated to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit for IV resuscitation and stabilization of her vital signs.
Medicine consult was attained for resumption of patient's blood pressure and diabetes medication, and also to get the patient a primary care physician at the [**Hospital1 **].
