Coronary artery disease.
Peripheral vascular disease.
Bilateral hallux amputations.
ALLERGIES:  He is allergic to penicillin which causes a rash and codeine which causes confusion.
General, in no acute distress.
Right lateral foot with open ulcer distal to the tarsus with more proximal abscess which drained purulent material.
Chest x-ray showed no pleural effusions, no infiltrates, no congestive heart failure and no pneumonia.
His foot ulcer was incised and debrided.
Given his past admission and catheterization revealing three-vessel disease, cardiac enzymes were sent and it showed a positive troponin and therefore the Cardiology Service was consulted.
The patient underwent an angiogram of his lower extremity which showed infra-popliteal three-vessel occlusions.
In summary, the catheterization showed he had a co-dominant system with obstructive three-vessel disease.
The right coronary artery had a focal 70% stenosis.
There was also a nominus artery noted which originated at the proximal right coronary artery and travelled in a superior access.
He had elevated right and left sided filling pressures with a wedge of 18.
There was no pressure gradient at the aortic valve.
The patient was seen by Cardiothoracic Surgery and consented to undergo a coronary artery bypass grafting.
In summary, he had a coronary artery bypass graft times three with a left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending and SVG to the PDA and an SVG to the obtuse marginal.
Late in the afternoon of postoperative day one, the patient experienced atrial fibrillation with a ventricular response of about 120.
He continued to be followed by the Vascular Service as well as the [**Hospital **] Clinic for his diabetes mellitus.
Heart sounds regular rate and rhythm, S1, S2, no murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Abdomen is large and nontender with positive bowel sounds.
Extremities: Right lateral foot wound is beefy red with a moist base; no odor and minimal serous drainage.
Left lower extremity saphenous vein graft sites are healing well.
Coronary artery disease status post coronary artery     bypass graft times three with a left internal mammary     artery to the left anterior descending; saphenous vein     graft to the patent ductus arteriosus and a saphenous     vein graft to obtuse marginal.
Peripheral vascular disease status post incision and     drainage of the left foot; wound culture positive for     Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
