The head computed tomography showed a dense hyperintensity in the right carotid as well as some areas of effacement in the right middle cerebral artery territory.
The magnetic resonance imaging showed no flow in the right coronary artery.
Initially, the right M1 and A1 segments were both occluded as well as the internal carotid on the right side.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Physical examination on admission revealed the patient was afebrile, blood pressure ranged from the 120s to 170s/50s to 70, and heart rate was 80 to 110.
Head, eyes, ears, nose, and throat examination revealed normocephalic and atraumatic.
Neck examination revealed he had no carotid bruits.
Pulmonary examination revealed lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally.
Cardiovascular examination revealed a regular rate and rhythm.
Extremity examination revealed he had no edema.
Distal pulses were 4+, and no rashes.
Mental status examination at the time of his initial examination after intraarterial t-PA, he was somnolent and intubated.
Cranial nerve examination revealed the eyes were somewhat deviated to the right, but he was able to track passed midline.
Corneas revealed reflexes were symmetric.
Motor examination revealed normal bulk.
Sensory examination revealed he had extensor movement to pain in the left arm, and the leg withdrew.
PERTINENT LABORATORY VALUES ON PRESENTATION:  Laboratories on admission revealed his white blood cell count was 14.5, hematocrit was 38.6, and platelets were 320.
Chemistry-7 revealed sodium was 135, potassium was 4.5, chloride was 24, and creatinine was 1.
He was alternately on Nipride and Neo-Synephrine drips to maintain his blood pressure in an appropriate range.
However, he had a pelvic computed tomography which showed no evidence of hematoma, and his hematocrit stabilized without any need for a transfusion.
He had a bedside swallow evaluation which showed some evidence of aspiration with thin liquids.
Otherwise, his blood pressure stabilized, and he was weaned off his hydralazine and remained stable on his Diovan and hydrochlorothiazide at his outpatient doses with his blood pressure ranging from 126 to 142/60 to 70.
Labile blood pressures.
