An ECG done at that time showed precordial Q waves with poor R wave progression suggestive of old anterior infarction with ST elevations in V1 through V3, minimally changed compared to previous electrocardiograms, but with flipped T's in I and AVL.
The patient was taken emergently to Cardiac catheterization which revealed a left dominant system with a calcified left main coronary artery, left anterior descending occluded to left main, left circumflex with diffuse disease, with 70% lesions at the obtuse marginal to patent ductus arteriosus and right coronary artery occluded.
Currently, at the time of admission, the patient was experiencing mild abdominal pain, three out of ten, and minimal chest pain, one out of ten, with no radiation.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:   On admission, the patient had a temperature of 98.2 F.; blood pressure of 114/56; pulse of 90; breathing 15; saturating 94% on room air.
Lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally.
LABORATORY:  On admission, the patient's white count was 13.5, hematocrit 35.3, platelets 242, PT 13.1, INR 1.2.
Notably, his BUN and creatinine were 17 and 0.7 respectively.
The patient's liver function tests were all within normal limits.
The patient had a total CK of 331 which proceeded to 472; CK MB was 34 and 41 respectively and troponins were 10 and 31.3 respectively.
Cardiac catheterization is as discussed in the HPI.
EKG post-catheterization showed normal sinus rhythm with a rate of 90, normal QRS axis, and question of left atrial enlargement, Q waves in V1 through V3.
No change from the EKG prior to intervention.
The patient underwent diagnostic catheterization again without intervention and an intra-aortic balloon pump was placed.
Initially, it was felt that the patient would go to coronary artery bypass graft within the next few days following admission, but due to the patient's falling hematocrit and strong desire not to receive blood products, CT Surgery declined to intervene on him surgically at this time.
Thus, the patient was maintained on a balloon pump and nitrates until such time as he could be taken to Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory, where he underwent successful percutaneous intervention with rotational atherectomy to his l eft anterior descending and stents times two to his left anterior descending with no residual stenosis.
Following catheterization intervention, the patient was able to be weaned from the balloon pump and nitrates and was pain free at the time of discharge on a long-acting nitrate.
The patient was maintained on intra-aortic balloon pump to increase afterload reduction until after his catheterization, at which time he was weaned from the balloon pump.
The patient's hematocrit on admission was 35.3.
Following his cardiac catheterization interventions, his hematocrit decreased to a nadir of 28.0.
The patient's abdominal examination remained benign with no evidence of [**Doctor Last Name 515**] sign.
His liver function tests were all normal.
Nevertheless, the patient was arranged to have a right upper quadrant ultrasound to assess his gallbladder and his liver, and that study was still pending at the time of death.
Infectious Disease:  The patient spiked fevers several days after admission to a temperature maximum of 101.5 F.  He was pan-cultured and started on empiric antibiotics of Vancomycin and Levofloxacin.
The patient's cultures remained negative throughout the course of his stay.
The patient's white count was decreasing at the time of discharge and he remained afebrile.
