That evening, his temperature was 101 with a normal oxygen saturation.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Temperature was 100.8, his blood pressure was 140/60, his heart rate was 112, his respiratory rate was 24, and his oxygen saturation was 94% on 2 liters.
His head, eyes, ears, nose, and throat examination revealed dry mucous membranes.
His cardiovascular examination revealed a regular rate and rhythm without murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
Abdominal examination revealed some tenderness on palpation of the middle abdomen, but it was soft, and this was nonspecific.
He made only one vocalization during the entire examination and was very dysarthric.
Reflexes were 2+ and symmetric at the biceps, brachioradialis, patella, and ankle.
PERTINENT LABORATORY VALUES ON PRESENTATION:  Revealed his white blood cell count was 12.7 (with a differential of 92% neutrophils).
His INR was 3.7 on admission.
His urinalysis showed many white blood cells (11 to 20), and many bacteria.
Magnetic resonance imaging revealed a subacute infarction in the right pons (as mentioned) with diffusion restriction and chronic periventricular microvascular ischemic changes.
He did also receive a magnetic resonance angiography of the neck which, as mentioned, revealed the evidence of the left internal carotid artery stenosis, but no right internal carotid artery stenosis.
Serial chest x-rays did demonstrate of right lower lobe lung zone atelectasis and a left retrocardiac opacity.
There was a chest x-ray documenting satisfactory placement of the endotracheal tube.
Serial chest x-rays do continue to show left lower lobe atelectasis versus consolidation associated with pleural effusion.
The patient's hematocrit remained fairly stable, but he was given one unit of packed red blood cells.
His hematocrit after the transfusion was approximately 32.
His creatinine remained stable, and there were no significant electrolyte abnormalities.
NOTE:  It should be mentioned that the urine culture from [**3-26**] did eventually grow out Escherichia coli and Enterococcus that were pan-sensitive.
