As part of a work-up, the patient had an x-ray of the abdomen which revealed a distended bladder and a Foley catheter was placed.
In the Emergency Department, the patient had a temperature of 103.4 F., systolic blood pressure of 50; heart rate of 144; and O2 saturation of 99% on room air.
The patient was given four liters of intravenous fluids and was started on Levophed with an increase in the systolic blood pressure to 90.
Urinalysis was positive and the patient was given Gentamicin and ceftriaxone.
The patient received a total of 13 liters of fluids to maintain blood pressure with decrease in O2 saturations to 85% with central cyanosis.
Arterial blood gas revealed 7.21/31/51 and the patient was intubated for hypoxic respiratory failure and uncompensated metabolic acidosis.
LABORATORY:  On admission, white blood cell count 17.0, hematocrit 29.9, INR 1.6; creatinine 1.6, CO2 21, lactate 1.8.
A urinalysis with small blood, positive nitrites, protein 30, 21 to 50 white blood cells, many bacteria.
Arterial blood gas on six liters nasal cannula, 7.21/33/57.
Chest x-ray with florid congestive heart failure.
EKG normal sinus rhythm at 100; unchanged from [**2192-3-5**].
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On admission, temperature 102.7 F.; pulse 98; blood pressure 96/55 on Levophed at 8.
The patient was hypotensive with systolic blood pressure in the 50s in the Emergency Room and received 13 liters of intravenous fluid resuscitation.
The patient was maintained on pressors for blood pressure support.
The patient's blood cultures subsequently grew Klebsiella pneumonia, resistant to Gentamicin.
An echocardiogram was obtained which revealed severe global left ventricular hypokinesis and severely depressed left ventricular systolic function.
As the patient's sedation was weaned, mental status did not improve, and head CT scan was obtained which revealed development of a moderate amount of interventricular hemorrhage.
A subsequent MRI revealed fluid levels in the occipital horns of both lateral ventricles and increased signal within the pre-pontine cistern, worrisome for additional focus of subacute subarachnoid hemorrhage.
A Neurological consultation was placed at the time.
Interval blood cultures from catheter tip grew Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
Neurology felt that the MRI findings were consistent with possible infectious emboli.
Transthoracic echocardiogram was obtained which revealed small mobile echogenic mass on the non-coronary cusp of the aortic valve suspicious for vegetation.
A repeat head CT scan and subsequent follow-up head CT scan showed no change in interventricular hemorrhage.
