The patient additionally presented with hypernatremia with a sodium of 165 and in acute renal failure.
Her chest x-ray demonstrated low lung volume suggesting possible aspiration pneumonia.
Her white blood cell count was 19.3 upon admission.
Her sodium was 165.
Her cardiac enzymes were notable for a troponin leak of .1.
At baseline is able to take po with much assistance, however, is not very interactive and is in end stage dementia.
Blood pressure 132/74.
Heart rate 101.
Respiratory rate 32.
Lung examination clear anteriorly with scattered wheezes.
Abdominal examination mild grimacing with deep palpation, however, soft, active bowel sounds.
LABORATORY STUDIES ON ADMISSION:  White blood cell count 19.3, 69% neutrophils, 19% bands, 8% lymphocytes, 4% monocytes, hematocrit 50.8, platelets 394.
Urinalysis notable for rare leukocyte esterase, 6 to 10 white blood cells, many bacteria, 3 to 5 epithelials, 0 to 2 red blood cells.
Chemistry profile notable for a BUN of 59, creatinine 3.4, troponin of 0.10.
CK 26.
Arterial blood gas from admission pH 7.38, PCO2 50, PO2 78, lactate 3.2.
Blood cultures were negative.
Chest x-ray notable for right lower lobe atelectasis and possible infiltrate.
The patient's sodium began to improve with hydration upon transfer to the MICU.
The patient received approximately 6 liters during her hospital stay with decrease in her creatinine nearing her baseline, which is 1.7.
Her chest x-ray was unrevealing for volume overload, however, did reveal possible infiltrate.
Cardiac enzymes were mildly elevated during this hospitalization with the troponin peaking at 0.10, however, there was no electrocardiogram changes and no evidence of acute ischemic insult based on CK with MB fractions.
Acute renal failure:  The patient at baseline has a creatinine of 1.7.
Urine output was adequate during this hospitalization.
The patient will be transferred back to the nursing home without an nasogastric tube to pursue speech and swallow study at the nursing home and address nutrition as an outpatient.
This dose will need to be adjusted based on the patient's creatinine clearance.
Additionally the patient will need a speech and swallow evaluation upon discharge as her nasogastric tube will be discontinued.
