Upon arrival in the ED, however, he was noted to have systolic blood pressure in the 80s.
His hematocrit was noted to be 26 down from 36.
Following central access, he was given IV fluid with improvement in his systolic blood pressure to the 90s.
A decision was made to admit him to the MICU Service for further workup and treatment.
Chronic renal insufficiency with baseline creatinine of 1.3 to 1.8.
Ischemic cardiomyopathy with EF of 35 to 40 percent.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Vital signs:  Temperature 96.2 degrees, heart rate 60, blood pressure 92/63, respirations 18, saturating 99 percent on room air.
Blood soaked gauze over right IJ central line site.
Lungs:  Clear to auscultation and equal bilaterally.
Extremities:  Cool with palpable femoral, DP, and PT pulses bilaterally.
LABORATORY DATA:  White count 13.1, hematocrit 25.9, platelets 183, sodium 133, potassium 4.4, chloride 100, bicarbonate 19, BUN 120, creatinine 4.9, glucose 92, PTT of 73.7, and INR of 31.1.
This occurred in the setting of his supratherapeutic INR with INR noted to be 31 on admission.
His GI bleed was thought to be most likely due to his combination of gastritis and steroids in the setting of supratherapeutic INR.
A NG lavage was obtained, which was negative.
Upon arrival in the emergency department, he had a rectal exam, which showed dark blood.
He then underwent anoscopy, which showed blood in addition to some nonbleeding internal hemorrhoids.
The patient went for a colonoscopy; and colonoscopy did show some internal hemorrhoids, which were not bleeding, but otherwise normal with visualization to his cecum.
He also underwent an EGD, which was negative for any active bleed.
EGD was visualized as normal to the second part of the duodenum.
Given the patient's lack of any further bleeding with normalization of his INR and no clear bleeding source localized with multiple GI studies, decision was made to send the patient home with close monitoring as an outpatient.
Throughout the hospital stay, the patient did receive several units of blood, which he tolerated well, and his hematocrit was stable with this.
Coagulopathy:  Patient admitted with supratherapeutic INR of 31.
His Coumadin was withheld, and his INR was reversed with multiple units of fresh frozen plasma.
His INR was reversed as per above.
Serial exams of the hematoma showed it to be stable and gradually decreasing in size.
He received a total of eight units of blood, which he tolerated well, and his hematocrit responded appropriately.
He had ________ ischemic cardiomyopathy with an EF of 35 to 45 percent.
Acute renal failure:  The patient presented with a creatinine of 4.9 from a baseline of 2.4.
His electrolytes remained stable.
