A CT angiogram was performed for a question of pulmonary embolus.
q.d., Flovent 220 mcg 3 puffs t.i.d., glyburide 5 mg p.o.
q.d., Senokot 1 tablet p.o.
Vital signs were temperature of 96, pulse 103 to 105, blood pressure of 200/108, down to 149/97, respiratory rate 29 to 34.
Head, ears, nose, eyes and throat revealed right surgical pupil.
PERTINENT LABORATORY DATA ON PRESENTATION:  Admission laboratories were white blood cell count of 15.5, hematocrit of 37.7, platelets of 298 (differential of 69.8 neutrophils, 20.8 lymphocytes, 7.8 monocytes, 2.4 eosinophils).
Sodium 140, potassium 4.4, chloride 95, blood urea nitrogen 16, creatinine 0.6, glucose of 126.
RADIOLOGY/IMAGING:  Chest x-ray revealed no pneumonia; chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and osteopenia.
CT angiogram of the chest was negative for pulmonary embolus; however, a 14-mm X 15-mm right upper lobe and right hilar lymphadenopathy.
An arterial blood gas was performed which revealed a pH of 7.26, CO2 of 86.
While in the Intensive Care Unit, the patient showed improvement with decreased oxygen flow with improved oxygen saturations and arterial blood gas when oxygen saturation was maintained at 92% and not higher.
Upon arrival to the floor, the patient was found cyanotic with a very poor PO2 of 28 on arterial blood gas.
Thereafter, the patient maintained an oxygen saturation between 90% to 92% on approximately 1.5 liters to 2.5 liters of nasal cannula oxygen.
The patient did have a sputum culture which revealed Acinetobacter sensitive to Levaquin.
Her sugars were monitored closely while on Solu-Medrol, and the patient was continued on glyburide.
The patient was informed of this, and a discussion took place between the attending physician, [**Name10 (NameIs) **] patient's daughter, and the patient, and it determined that no further workup would be undertaken for this presumed recurrent cancer.
MUSCULOSKELETAL:  For ongoing right-sided chest pain, the patient pain remained reproducible and controlled with Tylenol and morphine.
Rib films were considered; however, the patient was not felt to be stable for transfer to Radiology for adequate films.
As an etiology would not affect treatment, no further workup was taken.
She also elected not to undergo further arterial blood gases and reported that she would not want to be transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for BiPAP or noninvasive ventilation.
HEMATOLOGY:  There was a report by one of the night nurses that the patient had blood clots found between her legs.
The patient's hematocrit remained stable during the admission, and it was felt that the patient would not be a candidate for any diagnostic procedures for this, and given that the hematocrit remained stable throughout the admission, no such diagnostic procedures were performed.
