PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On presentation he was uncomfortable, vital signs were a heart rate of 100, blood pressure 130/65, respiratory rate was 20, saturating 96%.
Chest examination: there were clear breath sounds bilaterally with decreased breath sounds on the left.
Abdominal examination was soft, tender in the lower quadrants bilaterally, there was no rigidity and there was positive voluntary guarding.
ADMISSION LABORATORY DATA:  White blood cell count was 11.7, hematocrit 38.1, platelets 248,000.
BUN and creatinine were 18 and 0.8.
Coags were PT of 13, PTT was 22.8, INR was 1.1.
Fibrinogen was 204.
Urinalysis was within normal limits.
Amylase was 36.
Chest x-ray revealed a left chest tube which was placed in the Trauma Bay for the decreased breath sounds.
CT scan of the head revealed no hemorrhage and there was a lot of motion artifact in the lower part of the CT scan.
CT scan of the abdomen was negative.
IMPRESSION:  Impression on presentation was that of a 14 -year-old man, status post an unrestrained roll over motor vehicle crash with a head laceration on the left and a left rib fracture 7 through 9, status post a left chest tube placement in the Trauma Bay based on clinical examination and findings.
Hematocrit checked, CBC, in the AM.
Vital signs showed a temperature of 100.3 F, heart rate of 89, blood pressure 130/60, rate of 22, saturating 100% on four liters of nasal cannula.
His abdominal examination was benign.
The chest x-ray was done several hours after water seal which was negative for pneumothorax and the chest tube was eventually pulled.
Abdominal examination was unchanged.
Chest and neurologic examination was unchanged.
Hematocrit needed to be checked, which were okay.
His IV was hep-locked, his diet was advanced, Foley was discontinued, and it was determined on hospital day two that the patient should be transferred to a pediatric hospital floor given that the patient's age was less than 15 years old and it turns out that hospital policy only allows patients greater than 15 years old to stay in our facility.
