He received Zaroxolyn and Bumex, but his BUN and creatinine elevated.
An abdominal ultrasound showed splenomegaly and a renal consult thought patient was pre-renal and therefore, the patient's diuresis was withheld except for Spironolactone.
A cardiac ultrasound was attempted but the study was limited by obesity and Cardiology there recommended a MUGA Scan which showed a left ventricular ejection fraction of 60%, good biventricular function.
The studies showed 400 white blood cells, 520 red blood cells, no polys, 41 lymphocytes, 59 monocytes, glucose 126, total protein 3.9, LDH 110 and Enterococci grew out which was treated with Ampicillin one gram q. eight hours.
For a hematocrit of 25 he was transfused two units of packed red blood cells.
Repeat paracentesis on [**1-13**] drew off five liters; this was done only for the patient's comfort and no studies were sent.
A BUN and creatinine on discharge were 127 and 3.8.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Vital signs were 97.9 F.; 140/72; 56; 20; 97 on room air; 170 kilograms.
Lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally.
Calcium 8.9, iron 53, TIBC 298, hemoglobin A1C 7.3, TSH 17.
A Cardiology consultation was obtained and a repeat echocardiogram was done to work-up the cause of his edema.
This study was extremely limited and the left ventricular ejection fraction could not be estimated, but the systolic function  of  the left ventricle did not seem to be severely depressed.
The fluid showed 310 white blood cells, total protein of 3.2, albumin of 1.7, glucose 162, LDH 100, amylase 26, gram stain negative and a culture was pending.
Hepatitis serologies were also sent to determine whether there was some evidence of liver dysfunction accounted by Hepatitis.
HIV negative, Hepatitis B surface antibody negative.
The Renal Service was consulted regarding this patient and acute renal failure was thought to be secondary to ACE inhibitors plus diuretics plus/minus infection, with the intention to restart Bumex 2 twice a day once the patient's creatinine reached its baseline.
A right heart catheterization was performed while the patient was in-house to find the etiology of his symptoms as well as transfer to Liver biopsy.
The catheterization showed equalization of pressures consistent with a constrictive physiology.
