Infectious disease:  The patient continued to spike fevers in the intensive care unit with temperatures to 102-103 through postoperative day seven, at which point the patient defervesced, remained afebrile with temperatures 97-98 throughout the remainder of his hospitalization.
The valacyclovir was changed on postoperative day ten, [**2161-6-23**], following a CT scan of the patient's head which revealed temporal lobe enhancement consistent with possible herpes virus infection.
Cultures were drawn throughout the patient's hospitalization with temperature spikes.
One culture came back positive, which was central venous line, on the 13th, which grew coagulase-negative Staphylococcus.
Fluids, electrolytes and nutrition:  Postoperatively the patient was begun on TPN for the first four postoperative days.
Postintubation swallowing study was performed given that the patient was intubated for a number of weeks prior to transplant.
Numerous chest x-rays remained negative for pulmonary disease.
There was some difficulty with his oxygenation in his postoperative course; this resolved and the patient had good oxygenation saturations on room air by the time of discharge.
Neurologic:  The patient had an ICP monitor placed almost immediately preoperatively for his liver transplant.
Numerous head CT scans obtained during the time in which he had the bullet demonstrated no evidence of intracranial bleed.
Postoperatively in the intensive care unit the patient's blood pressures ranged from 180 to 202.
Over successive days following transfer from the intensive care unit the patient's blood pressures resumed with values in the 120s to 130s.
His rate has been well controlled.
His levels were maintained in the 300 range.
Daily levels were checked and at the time of discharge the patient was to be discharged on a dose of 150 mg b.i.d.
He is to follow up with the transplant service for frequent checks of this.
He is to follow up with the speech and swallow service additionally for evaluation of his swallow and questionable progression of diet.
