EMTs were called for the hypoxia and in the field the patient's blood pressure was 70/palpable with a pulse of 86 and respirations of 16.
On arrival to the Emergency Room, she had a temperature of 100.2 with a pulse of 88 and a blood pressure of 80/palpable.
In the Emergency Room, she was given 500 cc of normal saline and then started on a dopamine drip to which the blood pressure did respond.
Cardiac disease with Persantine MIBI showing reversible ischemic in the anterior wall and an EF of 70%.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION:  Vital signs:  Temperature 100.2, pulse 88, blood pressure 80/palpable, 02 saturation 88% on room air.
LABORATORY/RADIOLOGIC DATA:  White count 29.5, hematocrit 30.7, platelets 687,000, 93% neutrophils, 25% bands, 2% lymphocytes.
Her INR was 1.8 on admission.
Her U/A revealed small blood and trace leukocyte esterase, otherwise a normal U/A with 6-10 white blood cells and [**4-13**] squamous epithelial cells.
Her Chem-7 was unremarkable, notable are the BUN of 16 and creatinine 1.0.
The CK on admission was 50 and troponin 5.7.
The EKG showed a sinus rhythm at 88 beats per minute with a normal axis and T wave inversions present in V1 through V4.
The chest x-ray showed small bilateral pleural effusions, right greater than left with a right lobe collapse and a retrocardiac infiltrate versus atelectasis.
The patient, on the night of admission, underwent a CTA of the chest as well as a CT of the abdomen with contrast to evaluate.
On the CT of the chest, she had some evidence of small segmental pulmonary emboli in the periphery bilaterally with some right lower lobe collapse/consolidation.
On the CT of the abdomen with contrast, she was revealed to have pneumobilia with intrahepatic ductal dilatation with no bowel wall thickening.
The patient did have LFTs that were elevated upon admission with an alkaline phosphatase of 1,100 and a total bilirubin of 1.2.
Gradually, the vancomycin was peeled back as it was revealed that her blood cultures were growing gram-negative rods.
Finally, the blood cultures taken on arrival eventually grew out Klebsiella pneumonia that was pan sensitive as well as Enterococcus, the speciation of which is still being identified.
She also had a TTE to demonstrate that there was no endovascular source, i.e., endocarditis that was the source of her bacteremia and this was negative for vegetation.
The EF was 60% and there was mild aortic stenosis on this transthoracic echocardiogram.
She did have one episode of chest pain which was evaluated by EKG showing no significant ischemic changes from prior EKG but did show what seemed to be some wandering atrial foci with intermittent tachycardia.
