Her heart rate was 82.
Blood pressure 126/52, respiratory rate 12, 02 sat 82% on 2 liters.
LABORATORY DATA:  Her white count was 25.7, crit 35.4, platelet count 771.
Her chemistries were significant for a bicarbonate of 29, BUN and creatinine of 12 and 0.7, blood sugar of 166.
Her ALT was 39, AST 20, alkaline phosphatase 172, total bilirubin 0.6, amylase 74.
Ultrasound showed multiple stones with some mild gallbladder wall thickening but no ductal dilatation.
A CT scan was performed to evaluate her pancreatitis as well as the GI service was consulted for evaluation of her stent, question of whether or not this was obstructing.
Her CT scan showed extensive pancreatic necrosis and the patient was admitted to the surgical service.
Her white count continued to come down and her steroids were slowly tapered.
Her oxygen saturation improved and she reached a sat of 98% on a face mask but continued to have poor oxygenation on blood gases.
Repeat CT scan showed no improvement of her pancreatic necrosis and some mild fluid.
Dermatology was consulted for a rash on her body which was felt to be drug related.
Antibiotics were stopped on postoperative day #3 and her white count continued to come down.
Her TPN which was started preoperatively was weaned off on postoperative day #4 after her tube feeds reached goal.
Her lines were changed and tips were sent for culture.
Her sputum ultimately grew out E. coli as well as MRSA and her peritoneal fluid grew out gram-negative rods from the JP drains.
She was also started on fluconazole after her peritoneal fluid from her JP had mild fungus.
The patient underwent a bronchoscopy on [**2181-2-4**] and it was found that she had minimal secretions at that time and her airway was patent.
From an abdominal standpoint, her abdomen was well drained with the JP drains and there were no residual fluid collections and the area of fluctuance over her right flank was also drained percutaneously at the bedside with only minimal serous fluid recovered.
Skin began to continue to slowly worsen in the next couple of days and required more and more ventilatory support, ultimately requiring APRV in order to keep saturations in the 90s.
CT scan imaging showed that she had complete collapse of both bilateral lower lobes and significant atelectasis.
Again, the patient had a brachial A line placed in order for blood gas evaluation and hemodynamic monitoring.
Again, her oxygen saturations were not able to be kept above 90 and she was on 100% FI02.
Again, her oxygen saturations did not improve significantly and her PC02 was in the 80s.
She was completely paralyzed and sedated and was started on Levophed for blood pressure support.
