The catheterization results revealed a 50% mid- left anterior descending lesion with an additional long 80% mid- left anterior descending lesion with an additional 70% distal left anterior descending lesion and a 60% diagonal lesion.
The procedure was also complicated by a probable contained coronary perforation distally from a guide wire with contrast appearing to drain into the venous structure and multiple echocardiograms showing no effusion.
Repeat angiogram after the procedure showed all vessels stented were patent.
The patient was admitted to the Cardiac Care Unit and the chest pain had resolved at the time of admission to the Unit.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On admission, his vital signs were 98.6 F. Temperature; pulse was 78; blood pressure 92/55; respiratory rate 18; the patient was saturating 99% on room air.
His neck examination showed no jugular venous pressure while lying flat, no carotid bruits, no thyromegaly, no lymphadenopathy.
Cardiovascular examination had a regular rate, normal S1, normal S2.
His extremities:  Doppler positive posterior tibial and dorsalis pedis pulses bilaterally, however the pulses were not palpable.
LABORATORY:  Upon admission, he had a white blood cell count of 8.2, hemoglobin of 11.1, hematocrit of 31.5, platelets were 195 and an INR of 1.0, PTT of 26.
He had a sodium of 137, potassium of 4.3, chloride of 102, bicarbonate 21, BUN 27, creatinine 1.2, glucose of 200.
CK on presentation was 1577, CK MB was 107, CK index was 6.8.
EKG results at admission were premature atrial complexes, evidence of inferior infarction, probably acute, considered posterior long involvement; no previous report for comparison is showed.
The patient was also started on Lipitor 10 mg after liver tests showed relatively normal transaminase levels.
The patient's PA diastolic pressures and serial echocardiograms were all consistent with normal right ventricular function and there was no evidence of tamponade.
Throughout his hospitalization the patient was also free of symptoms such as edema, hepatomegaly and jugular venous pressure that would have indicated right sided failure.
Renal:  The patient's urine output was initially low and was thought to be a result of his low normal blood pressure which was 95 to 100 over 50 to 60.
However, his urine output picked up throughout his hospitalization and BUN and creatinine remained stable throughout his hospitalization.
Fluids, Electrolytes and Nutrition:  The patient was started on a cardiac diet as well as diabetic diet.
