He was born at 560 g to a 41-year-old primigravida mom whose pregnancy was complicated by chronic hypertension, oligohydramnios, and notation of intrauterine growth retardation at 25 weeks.
The mom was treated with a complete course of betamethasone prior to delivery of the infant at 25 weeks gestation.
Labor history was remarkable for a cesarean section due to absent diastolic flow and abnormalities on fetal heart monitoring.
He required a little bit of positive pressure ventilation as well.
The infant was admitted the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit for further management of prematurity and intrauterine growth restriction.
He weaned progressively on the ventilator over the course of his first night, but was maintained on synchronized intermittent mechanical ventilation due to problems with acidosis which developed over time.
His ventilatory requirements then subsequently increased over the first weeks of life.
At 28 days of age, the infant was on pretty moderate-to-low level of ventilatory support with peak inspiratory pressure of 19, a positive end-expiratory pressure of 5, and a respiratory rate of 18 on 30% to 40% oxygen.
His ventilatory requirements increased dramatically over a 24-hour time period prior to the start of a new service.
The infant was transitioned to high-frequency oscillatory ventilation and remained on that for the following 10 days.
The infant was slowly weaned off of his high-frequency ventilation directly to CPAP.
He received two weeks of CPAP and has transitioned to nasal cannula over the past four days.
He has been receiving 400 cc of nasal cannula oxygen blended to an oxygen concentration of around 30% to 35%.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  The patient was initially hypotensive and was started on a dopamine infusion which reached a maximum of 22 mcg/kg per minute.
He received three doses of hydrocortisone early in life.
The patient was successfully weaned off of dopamine by day of life four.
He started taking breast milk on day of life six and was steadily advanced until day of life 14 when he reached full volume feeds.
He was briefly off of enteral feeds during his illness with Klebsiella pneumoniae, but this was only for four to five days.
The infant is receiving supplemental vitamin E and iron in addition to MCT and HMF as part of his caloric supplementation.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  The infant had some hyperbilirubinemia, and phototherapy was instituted from day of life two through day of life six.
He had a fairly strong rebound, and hence was restarted on phototherapy from day of life 7 to day of life 20.
Due to the presumed losses of bicarbonate from his kidneys, he was started enteral Bicitra for approximately six days during his hospital course.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  The patient had a sepsis evaluation on the first day of life where he received seven days of ampicillin and gentamicin.
He then received 10 days of a combination of cephalosporin and gentamicin due to what was ultimately diagnosed as Klebsiella pneumoniae.
He was initially placed on ceftazidime when we received cultures that were positive for gram-negative organisms; not knowing whether this was pseudomonas or not.
Upon identification of the organism, he was switched over to cefotaxime and completed his 14-day course of double therapy.
