Status post spinal surgery for a bone spur.
Gastric adenocarcinoma - lienitis plastica type - status post total gastrectomy, J tube placement.
Status post spinal surgery for bone spur.
ADMISSION HISTORY AND PHYSICAL:  The patient is an 80 year-old female who presented initially for surgical evaluation after having a workup for postprandial abdominal pain, which found a gastric mass on gastrointestinal series.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted on [**2139-12-15**] and on that same day underwent a total gastrectomy with placement of a feeding jejunostomy without note of intraoperative complications.
Intraoperatively it was noted that there was a large tumor of the stomach, which was of lienitis plastica type, which involved mostly the distal stomach, but notably the lesser curvature of the stomach was also involved without lymphatic - type invasion, which made a subtotal gastrectomy impossible.
The patient tolerated the procedure well and was extubated in the Operating Room and taken to the Post Anesthesia Care Unit in stable condition.
Postoperatively her hematocrit was 29, which the patient was tolerating well with satisfactory O2 saturation and no other evidence of tachycardia or hypoxia.
Neurologically:  Her pain was initially controlled with an epidural, which was subsequently discontinued and she was switched over to intravenous pain medications followed by po pain medications without any sort of difficulty.
She did notably experience some mental status changes, which seemed to resolve after treatment for urinary tract infection she had postoperatively and also reduction in the patient's narcotics.
The chest x-ray revealed bilateral pleural effusions, but it was deemed that thoracentesis would not be indicated in her case.
Her postoperative atrial fibrillation initially did not respond to intravenous Lopressor and did require Cardizem drips for which the patient was placed in the Intensive Care Unit.
These episodes had resolved two to three days prior to discharge at which time the patient remained in sinus rhythm and was placed on po Cardizem and Amiodarone.
She did also require Amiodarone in the Intensive Care Unit.
Nutrition:  The patient was on her goal tube feeds of ProMod 3/4 strength at 80 an hour during the last several days prior to discharge.
In addition to this she was being given post gastrectomy diet, which she was tolerating without any nausea or vomiting.
She had received a vitamin B-12 shot and was receiving supplemental iron.
She was diuresed as needed with Lasix secondary to volume shifts from the postoperative fluid that she had received in order to avoid any sort of volume overload.
Hematology:  In order to stimulate the patient's erythropoietin she was started on Epogen 40,000 units three times per week.
Infectious disease:  The patient's only postoperative complication was a urinary tract infection, which was treated with Levofloxacin and discontinuation of the Foley.
By postoperative day nine the patient had been afebrile and had remained in sinus rhythm for several days and otherwise with good blood pressures and had been making excellent urine and tolerating a post gastrectomy diet without difficulty.
When the patient was discharged she was to continue her tube feeds of Promote with fiber at 3/4 strength at 80 cc an hour to meet her caloric needs and this would be in addition to the post gastrectomy diet, which she could take.
Otherwise the patient will need q monthly vitamin B-12 shots and also supplementation of iron.
Sinemet 25/100 take one tab po t.i.d.
Lescol 40 mg po q.d.
Avandamet 4/500 one tablet po q.d.
Amiodarone 400 mg po b.i.d.
Lopressor 50 mg po b.i.d.
Diltiazem 30 mg po q.i.d.
