She was initially treated with diuretics and subsequently underwent a cardiac evaluation, which was notable for elevated pulmonary artery pressures and possible right heart failure.
As per the patient she had a negative bronchoscopy and a mediastinoscopy in the past, but fine needle aspiration of this mass was positive for malignancy.
She had a well healed mediastinoscopy incision.
ADMISSION LABORATORIES:  Hemoglobin was 8.9 with platelet count of 270.
She underwent preoperative placement of a pulmonary artery catheter to monitor pulmonary artery pressures.
She was taken to the Operating Room on [**2177-7-1**] where she underwent an exploratory thoracotomy with multiple lymph node biopsies and biopsy of right diaphragmatic plaque.
Intraoperatively it was found that the patient had extensive nodal involvement and it was determined that a lobectomy should not be undertaken and the patient was taken to the post anesthesia care unit.
In the post anesthesia care unit she developed some respiratory difficulties and required reintubation and also required vaso active pressors and fluids to improve her low blood pressure and heart rate.
Nitroglycerin was used for elevated pulmonary artery pressures.
On postoperative day one the patient remained intubated and was noted to have a significant rise in creatinine at 2.7.
Nephrology was consulted and determined that this was acute renal failure superimposed upon a history of chronic renal problem and advised gentle diuresis and avoidance of agents that induce renal vaso constriction.
By postoperative day four the patient had weaned off all drips and had been extubated and was doing well and was therefore transferred to the floor.
She continued aggressive incentive spirometry and pulmonary toilet with ambulation and her respiratory examination improved and she was able to maintain good O2 sats on room air.
Lipitor 10 mg po q day.
Protonix 40 mg po q.d.
Aspirin 325 mg po q.d.
Atenolol 50 mg po q.d.
Spironolactone 25 mg po q.d.
Furosemide 40 mg po q.d.
Potassium chloride 20 milliequivalents po q.d.
