The patient also had entry of the cystic duct that was irregular consistent with tumor brush biopsies and a 17 French stent was placed.
Potassium chloride 20 mEq q day.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg q day.
Lipitor 10 mg q day.
Toprol 50 mg q day.
Aspirin 81 mg q day.
The patient was admitted as a 79-year-old female with a questionable mass, was scheduled for percutaneous transhepatic tubes to be placed in the morning, was made NPO, put on intravenous fluid maintenance at 100, started on Ampicillin and Gentamicin for on-call for the percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty.
Cardiology consult on the patient and recommended close hemodynamic monitoring if surgery was needed with a Swann, no further workup needed and to continue beta-blockade during admission.
On hospital day two, the patient was afebrile, vital signs were stable, the patient was brought for PTC performed with bilateral PTC drains placed.
On hospital day three the patient was brought and PTC stents were placed.
The patient tolerated the procedure well and was transferred back to the floor, however, the patient had a T-max of 101.2, was afebrile immediately following the procedure.
The patient was subsequently transferred to the Intensive Care Unit for a low blood pressure and elevated temperature, the patient's white count was 21.0 and required a Neo drip to maintain adequate blood pressures.
Arterial line and left subclavian line were placed to better monitor the patient's hemodynamic status and better facilitate resuscitation.
The patient continued to be weaned from a Neo drip in the Intensive Care Unit, blood pressures responding well, continued to receive intravenous fluids.
White count trended down on hospital day five, post procedure day two, the patient is on intravenous Vancomycin and Zosyn.
The patient had been weaned from her drips and was continued to do well.
The patient was transfused with one unit of packed red blood cells on hospital day eight for anemia.
On hospital day eight, Anesthesia was consulted for the possibility of an operative candidacy for removal of possible mass.
The patient was continued on intravenous antibiotics.
On hospital day nine, in addition to having hyperkalemia was found to have low albumin and TPN was started for nutritional supplement.
The patient had a transient jump in temperature to 100.4 after cholangiogram and a slight jump in her white count from 7 to 11.2.
Bilirubin also jumped from 14 to 16.7.
The patient was continued on TPN, regular diet and transitioned to oral pain medicines.
The patient was begun on calorie counts, it was found that the patient was receiving approximately 773 calories, it was felt that she can continue with her TPN and calorie counting.
She was agreeable to continuing with Hospice care and VNA outside the hospital.
On hospital day two, the patient was continued on TPN and pain management as needed.
The patient will be discharged on her medicines, Atorvastatin 10 mg p.o.
q day, Percocet 1 to 2 tablets p.o.
every 4 to 6 hours as needed for pain, Actigall 300 mg tablets, one tablet by mouth three times a day, Metoprolol 50 mg tablets half tablet by mouth twice a day, Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg one tablet by mouth per day, Protonix 40 mg one tablet by mouth per day and Ciprofloxacin 500 mg tablets, one tablet by mouth twice a day for 14 days.
The patient will have VNA to keep drain tubes kept and to keep dressings around drains dry and intact.
The patient will keep a regular diet, will not have any TPN but may supplement her diet with nutritional shakes.
