Hepatitis C.  MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  The patient's medications included Combivir, Sustiva, dapsone.
RADIOLOGY/IMAGING:  The patient was ordered for a STAT magnetic resonance imaging.
Please see the Operative Report for further details of the thoracic laminectomy for described tumor.
The patient did well after the operative procedure.
The patient received 2 units of packed red blood cells.
The patient received an additional transfusion to keep his hematocrit greater than 30% and was started on high-dose proton pump inhibitor.
The patient's hematocrit did not bump appropriately to the packed red blood cell infusion.
The patient was taken for intravenous injection of tagged red blood cell scan.
The results showed extravasation of red blood cells into the patient's jejunum; consistent with a jejunal gastrointestinal bleed.
At this point, General Surgery took the patient to the operating room for exploratory laparotomy with jejunal resection and primary anastomosis.
The patient tolerated the procedure well.
The patient tolerated the procedure well.
Secondary to the presence of mucosal erosions, the patient was started on ganciclovir and fluconazole in the setting of this immunocompromised host.
Both medications were subsequently stopped.
The patient was transfused an additional 2 units of packed red blood cells postoperatively, and his serial hematocrit levels for the remainder of hospital course remained stable.
The patient received an echocardiogram.
The patient received one dose of R-CHOP chemotherapy; per Oncology recommendations.
The patient was on Lasix; diuresis successful.
Lasix was stopped.
The patient continued diuresis successfully, and swelling and edema diminished significantly to the time of discharge.
The patient worked with Physical Therapy successfully.
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Heparin 5000 units subcutaneously q.12h.
Percocet one to two weeks p.o.
Ativan 0.5 mg p.o.
Lopressor 25 mg p.o.
Pantoprazole 40 mg p.o.
Tenofovir 300 mg p.o.
Lamivudine 300 mg p.o.
Efavirenz 600 mg p.o.
Dapsone 100 mg p.o.
Tramadol 100 mg p.o.
Aluminum magnesium hydroxide 15 mL to 30 mL p.o.
