DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Ascites, status post total abdominal hysterectomy, salpingo-oophorectomy, omentectomy, peritoneal washings.
Her evaluation in the outpatient setting included a CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis which confirmed a large intraperitoneal ascites without other abnormalities.
For further evaluation and treatment of patient's condition, an exploratory laparotomy, total abdominal hysterectomy, bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy was recommended.
She had recently been treated with antibiotics for a presumed upper respiratory tract infection and had continued her outpatient asthma care.
Though more aggressive care would be necessary to optimize the patient's pulmonary status intraoperatively and postoperatively, postponement of the surgery was not considered as the optimal treatment of the patient's acute condition of ascites requiring more immediate diagnosis and intervention given the high suspicion for ovarian cancer.
The patient underwent an uncomplicated total abdominal hysterectomy, bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy, omentectomy, and peritoneal washing on [**2170-12-20**].
The details of this operative procedure are provided in the dictated operative note.
The patient was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit overnight for observation and management of her pulmonary condition.
She was treated with Albuterol nebulizer treatments on a regular basis and started on high dose steroids.
The patient responded well to that therapy and by postoperative day #1 she was breathing comfortably on 3 liters of oxygen by nasal cannula.
The patient continued to do well from a coronary standpoint.
She was discharged on a Prednisone taper and continuation of her outpatient Advair and Combivent therapy.
The patient's pain management was also closely attended to during her hospitalization.
As an outpatient she was managed with 60 mg of OxyContin tid for her chronic pain condition.
Once the patient was tolerating an oral diet and intravenous narcotics were discontinued, the OxyContin was restarted with Dilaudid provided as breakthrough.
Non steroidal anti-inflammatories and Acetaminophen were continued as well.
Additionally she was provided with Dilaudid and Motrin.
