DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Hilar carcinoma of the lung, pending pathology, status post right pneumonectomy.
She had remained asymptomatic until the aforementioned visit to the Emergency Department, at which time a repeat chest x-ray showed the presence of a large right hilar mass which was associated with volume loss in the right hemithorax, and suggestive of a neoplasm of the lung.
Diltiazem 180 mg p.o.
ALLERGIES:  The patient reports an allergy to Penicillin which she states causes swelling, itching, and rash.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the operating room on [**2191-12-20**], where she underwent a pneumonectomy of the right lung as well as bronchoscopy and a pericardial flap.
Two chest tubes were placed at the time of surgery, and the patient was transferred to the Post Anesthesia Care Unit in stable condition.
The patient was subsequently transferred to the Cardiac Surgery Recovery Unit following continued intubation and a need for Neo-Synephrine to maintain her blood pressure.
She was at this time on continuous epidural at 4 cc/hour for pain control.
She was maintaining her heart rate in the 60s to 70s with her Neo-Synephrine drip being titrated to maintain a systolic blood pressure greater than 100.
The Neo-Synephrine drip had been able to be shut off for several hours during the night.
She was encouraged to perform aggressive pulmonary toilet and incentive spirometry with which her oxygen saturations and level of pain improved.
She was able to be weaned off her Neo-Synephrine drip completely towards the end of postoperative day number one.
Her relative hypoxia and respiratory acidosis were slowly being corrected through aggressive pulmonary toilet.
One of her chest tubes was removed at this time which she tolerated without difficulty.
She then went into a sustained rapid atrial fibrillation, and an Amiodarone intravenous bolus of 150 mg was given over ten minutes and then infusion of Amiodarone at 1 mg/minute was started.
She was started on oral Amiodarone the following morning, postoperative day number three, at 400 mg twice a day.
She continued to improve remaining in sinus rhythm, and due to her improving blood pressure was restarted on her Diltiazem which she had been on prior to admission.
On postoperative day number four, following chest x-ray which showed evidence of only a very slight pneumothorax, her second chest tube was removed.
During the next day and one half, the patient did very well on the floor, increasing her level of activity with the assistance of physical therapy and the nursing staff.
At that time, her physical examination was significant for a temperature of 99.2, heart rate 100 and sinus rhythm, blood pressure 118/70, respiratory rate 18 with an oxygen saturation 99% on two liters of nasal cannula.
Her sternotomy incision was healing nicely and her sternum was stable.
Diltiazem 180 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
Acetaminophen 1000 mg p.o.
Albuterol-Ipratropium inhaler one to two puffs every six hours as needed.
