PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Myelodysplastic syndrome, secondary to myelofibrosis, refused treatment in the past.
Sodium of 140; potassium of 4.0; chloride 104; bicarbonate of 22; BUN 13; creatinine .8; glucose of 135.
The patient was then transfused five units of packed red blood cells for very low hematocrit.
She responded appropriately to the five units of packed red blood cells and gastroenterology was consulted for further work-up of her gastrointestinal bleed.
She was placed on intravenous Protonix twice a day.
She was getting five units of red blood cells which further worsened her congestion, necessitating supplemental oxygen.
While in the Intensive Care Unit, she was given Lasix with goals of negative one to two liters, to facilitate the patient's diuresis.
With these findings, we thought that her congestive heart failure might be due to possible pulmonary embolism or just the pulmonary artery hypertension as a consequence of her emphysematous disease, due to her remote history of smoking.
For that reason, the patient was put on Captopril 6.25 mg three times a day which she tolerated well and transitioned over to Lisinopril 2.5 mg q.
Anemia:  We followed her hematocrit on a daily basis and it continued to decline.
Despite the five units of packed red blood cells that was given on admission, to which she responded well to, she had continued to have a decline in her hematocrit.
She was given Cyanocobalamin 1000 mcg intramuscular q.
Day while in the hospital and was also placed on iron supplements, because of the low iron.
She will need further outpatient management with hematologist/oncologist.
She was treated with Levofloxacin 500 mg q.
She is to have a full course of 14 day treatment of Levofloxacin 500 mg q.
Pancytopenia:  Likely secondary to her history of myelodysplastic syndrome and consequent bone marrow myelofibrosis.
Her platelet counts, while in house remained stable; however, her hematocrit had continued to decline despite five units of blood transfusion.
She will need further outpatient management by hematology/oncology.
With the five units of packed red blood cells that was given, the patient went into further congestive heart failure and her left lower pleural effusion grew in size.
Thoracentesis was done without any complications.
[**Name10 (NameIs) **] patient was scheduled in the pulmonary clinic for further follow-up and management.
Electrolytes were checked on a continuous basis and replete as needed.
Prophylaxis:  She was placed on heparin subcutaneously and Proton pump inhibitor throughout her entire stay.
Levofloxacin 500 mg one tablet p.o.
Timolol malleate .25 percent drops, one drop ophthalmic    twice a day.
Ambien 5 mg tablet, one tablet p.o.
Pantoprazole 40 mg tablet, one tablet p.o.
Colace 100 mg capsule one capsule p.o.
Senna 8.6 mg one tablet p.o.
Lisinopril 2.5 mg tablet one tablet p.o.
