The patient subsequently had a common bile duct drain placed at the outside hospital.
The patient was subsequently treated with ampicillin, gentamicin, Flagyl, AmBisome and was followed by Infectious Disease.
The patient was intubated for subsequent ARDS on [**2194-2-1**] and subsequently had an ERCP with bronchial brushings revealing atypical cells consistent with adenocarcinoma, CA99 of 36,000.
Per ID consult, the patient's antibiotic regimen was changed to Unasyn, vancomycin, and Voriconazole.
The patient was started on Pancrease as well as TPN with improving p.o.
The patient had a right femoral line placed, given 3 liters of normal saline, and the blood pressure improved to 90/50.
Peripheral dopamine was started.
ABG revealed the following numbers:  7.36, 29, 210, on a nonrebreather.
Celexa 20 mg p.o.
Protonix 40 IV q.
Heparin 5,000 units subcutaneously q. eight hours.
Vancomycin 1 gram IV q.
Unasyn 3 grams IV q. six hours.
T bilirubin 8.0, calcium 7.3, phosphorus 4.2, magnesium 2.3.
The patient was started on sepsis protocol, aggressive IV fluid hydration was given to the patient.
The patient received approximately 10 liters of IV fluid in the next 24 hours.
The patient was also continued on Levophed and Vasopressin.
The patient was continued on the antibiotic regimen that they had been on for the time being.
Unasyn was also added.
Since there were no huge abscesses on CT, there was no benefit for Interventional Radiology placing a drain to drain abscesses.
The patient was placed on an insulin drip with tight glucose control and despite a D10 drip, the patient's blood sugar continued to dip down as low as the 20s with episodic mental status change.
As far as the patient's acidosis, the patient was given bicarbonate ampules throughout the night and was subsequently started on a bicarbonate drip.
Nephrotoxins were avoided and Mucomyst was given prior to dye loads.
The patient's lactate remained approximately 8.5 despite 10 liters of IV fluids and a bicarbonate drip.
The propofol drip was increased.
