He then received endoscopy again for biopsy and was found to be cancerous on pathology and showed adenocarcinoma and showed invasion of the submucosa with deep positive margins.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Vital signs: He weighed 164 pounds and was afebrile with a pulse in the 80s, blood pressure 136/84, respiratory rate 18, and room air saturation of 94%.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  At this time the patient was admitted for operative intervention for scheduled likely trans-hiatal esophagectomy and feeding jejunostomy.
The patient was brought to the operating room on the day of admission and underwent the following procedures: Bronchoscopy, left video assisted resection of the lower lobe nodule with biopsy of the left upper lobe, transhiatal esophagectomy and feeding jejunostomy.
The patient tolerated the procedure well and was brought to the post anesthesia care unit afterwards and then intubated to the surgical intensive care unit in satisfactory condition.
The patient in his postoperative course remained intubated and on postoperative day 2 underwent diagnostic flexible bronchoscopy for likely right lower lobe infiltrate found on chest x-ray.
There was noted to be no active bleeding from many segments of the left or right lung and the patient tolerated the procedure well.
The patient at this point had a nasogastric tube or right internal jugular venous catheter and left sided chest tube in place.
He was still having some difficulty at this time regaining his respiratory status however, and was kept strict NPO with the back end of the esophagectomy and was then placed on tube feeds at this time through his jejunostomy tube that was placed in the operating room.
He was receiving ProMod with fiber half strength at this time at atrophic level that was not advanced past 10 ml per hour.
At this point he was given sips and to have no more than 30 ml per hour.
He faired well with this actually and was able to be advanced to clear liquids at 1.5 days later and also tolerated this well.
As his ileus resolved we also increased his tube feeds up to goal rate of 70 ml per hour and then the day before discharge advanced them to a full strength formulation from the half strength formulation from the half strength formulation, so now at this point he was completely meeting his nutritional goals through the tube feeds.
Also of note he was started on all of his oral medications and he was started on full liquids at this time.
The patient's chest tube had been discharged and followup chest x-rays revealed there to be slight increase in this effusion on the right side.
On the day prior to discharge his staples were removed from his left neck and from his abdomen and Steri-Strips were placed.
On postoperative day 11, the patient was deemed fit for discharge, was tolerating full strength tube feeds at goal rate and was tolerating full liquids without difficulty, was walking around and having no significant difficulties and was restarted on all of his home medications at this time.
He was watched carefully with serial exams and did not ever require antibiotic treatment.
If you are unable to reach the thoracic service, please go to the emergency room and have the tube replaced.
Left video assisted thoracoscopy for nodule biopsy and     jejunostomy tube placement.
Jejunostomy tube placement.
Percocet 5/325 in the elixir form 5 to 10 ml PO q4 to 6     hours as needed for pain.
Lansoprazole 30 mg PO once daily in the elixir format.
Tube feeds Impact with fiber at a rate of 70 ml per hour     at full strength.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg PO once daily.
Trandolapril 4 mg PO once daily.
Atorvastatin 80 mg PO once daily.
Ezetimibe 10 mg PO once daily.
Metoprolol 37.5 mg PO b.i.d.
Regular insulin sliding scale as needed.
