HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 61 year old male preop for a liver transplant with a history of ETOH and Laennec's cirrhosis, also with hepatoma, and now with endstage liver disease complicated by a history of encephalopathy and ascites.
The patient has completed pretransplant liver transplant evaluation and now presents for probable liver transplant from a DCD donor.
The patient reported for liver potential transplant 3 weeks ago but reverse donor deemed unacceptable.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Diabetes type 2 x24 hours, insulin x3- 4 years.
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  Left knee arthroscopy, status post umbilical hernia repair 2 years prior to admission.
MEDICATIONS:  On admission, spironolactone 300 mg daily, Lasix 120 mg daily, nadolol 60 mg p.o.
daily, glyburide 5 mg p.o.
daily, Tequin 200 mg p.o.
q.Monday and Thursday, NPH insulin 35 units q.a.m.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On physical examination, T-max was 98, heart rate 68, BP 118/63.
The patient had taken 35 units of NPH at home that morning.
The patient was started on an insulin drip at 4 units of insulin per hour with the recommendations to adjust per sliding scale insulin protocol.
The patient was given induction of immunosuppression of Solu-Medrol 500 mg x1 and CellCept 1 gram p.o.
He was started on IV Unasyn as well as Fluconazole 400 mg p.o.
Recommendations included continuation of IV antibiotics, partial weight-bearing with left heel touch to left foot when ambulating.
In the ICU, the patient received Lasix for diuresis.
He received vancomycin 1 gram IV x1 as well as Unasyn.
He remained on an insulin drip 1 unit per hour with blood sugars ranging from 98 to 130.
[**Last Name (un) **] continued to follow making recommendations to resume insulin NPH with Humalog sliding scale.
Steroid taper was initiated per protocol.
He remained on CellCept 1 gram p.o.
Prograf was initiated on postoperative day 3.
He was medicated for pain at the J-P drain sites with good relief.
Insulin drip was stopped and NPH insulin resumed.
Medial drain was draining 265 cc and the lateral 210.
The patient appeared to be coping skillfully with his medical stressors.
O2 saturation was 97% in room air.
The patient was discharged home after receiving medication teaching and instructions on J-P drain care.
The medial J-P drain was left in place.
He continued to have approximately 220 cc of serosanguineous drainage per day.
Chevron incision was open to air with staples clean and dry.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Fluconazole 400 mg p.o.
daily, Prograf 3 mg p.o.
daily, Protonix 40 mg p.o.
daily, metoprolol 75 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Lasix 20 mg p.o.
daily, prednisone 20 mg p.o.
daily, Valcyte 900 mg p.o.
daily, insulin NPH 35 units subcutaneously b.i.d., insulin regular sliding scale subcutaneously q.i.d., Percocet 5/325 mg 1-2 tabs p.o.
Albumin 2.3.
