OLIGURIC RENAL FAILURE ISSUES:  The patient experienced total body overload secondary to aggressive fluid and blood resuscitation during her hospitalization, but she remained intravascularly depleted.
Her urine output throughout her hospitalization, up until the time of discharge, was marginal and could be characterized as oliguric renal failure in the range of approximately 20 cc to 30 cc per hour despite attempts to expand her intravascular volume with fluids and blood.
I explained to her that over the coming weeks she may be at more risk for total body overload including congestive heart failure, and she knew to return to the hospital for those reasons.
In the meantime, we will discontinue any renal toxic medications and carefully monitor her urine output as can best be done from home.
HEMATOLOGIC ISSUES:  Bilateral deep venous thromboses and bilateral pulmonary emboli were likely secondary to her hypercoagulability secondary to metastatic pancreatic carcinoma.
The patient was to be discharged on Lovenox 80 mg subcutaneously twice per day for an unlimited duration.
She was written for Lomotil as needed.
The patient received three days of by mouth Levaquin and had her Foley catheter changed.
The patient was started on Megace during her hospitalization.
Chemotherapy was being held for now.
ENDOCRINE ISSUES:  For the patient's diabetes, she was maintained on her home dose of Glyburide and a regular insulin sliding-scale during her hospitalization.
Her Glyburide was held for several days prior to discharge given her poor oral intake.
Will defer further discussion of re-initiation of chemotherapy to her oncologist.
Total body volume overload.
Colace 100 mg by mouth twice per day.
Sertraline 50 mg by mouth once per day.
Hydromorphone 2 mg q.8h.
Multivitamin one tablet by mouth once per day.
Glyburide 5 mg by mouth in the evening.
Glyburide 7.5 mg by mouth in the morning.
Compazine as needed.
Prevacid 15 mg by mouth twice per day.
Lovenox 80 mg subcutaneously twice per day indefinitely.
Lactulose as needed.
Levaquin (to complete a 7-day course for a urinary tract infection).
