Right hepatic lobectomy   History of Present Illness: Dr. [**Known lastname 107769**] is a 57-year-old patient with a known adenocarcinoma in the duodenum causing recurrent gastrointestinal bleeding and recurrent anemia.
She has had exhaustive preoperative evaluation which has demonstrated also the presence of a single metastasis in the liver.
For palliation, if not curative  ntent, I recommended that she undergo a combined Whipple procedure to try to get the primary tumor out to eliminate the bleeding and impending obstruction of the duodenum.
There were no unanticipated intra-operative complications, and the patient lost approximately one liter of blood and received three units PRBCs during the procedure.
Her pain was controlled with epidural and PCA.
On POD2 she received another 2 units FFP for INR 1.9, and since transaminases remained elevated another liver ultrasound.
POD3 the G-tube was clamped and half-strength J-tube feedings were begun.
TF were slowly advanced and on POD4 she was advanced to sips as well as transitioned to oral pain medications.
Foley catheter was removed from the bladder on POD5 and tube feeds were cycled at night.
Lasix was given on POD5 and the patient began to mobilize significant fluid accumulation, especially in the lower extremities.
By POD5 she was also tolerating full liquids and was doing well ambulating around the floor and working with physical therapy.
Her central line was removed on POD6 and she was transitioned to all oral medications per the "Whipple Protocol".
Her electrolytes were aggressively repleted and intermittent doses of lasix were helpful in gaining euvolemia.
She continued to have some trouble with nausea that was controlled with antiemetics but was troublesome nonetheless.
JP drains were removed before discharge, and the patient was begun on a 7 day course of cefazolin for a superficial cellulitis.
Her wounds were healing nicely and she was instructed on proper G and J tube care.
Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
Metoclopramide 10 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO QIDACHS (4 times a day (before meals and at bedtime)).
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO twice a day.
Potassium Chloride 10 mEq Capsule, Sustained Release Sig: Four (4) Capsule, Sustained Release PO once a day.
Furosemide 40 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO twice a day.
Hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO every 4-6 hours as needed for pain.
Cephalexin 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO four times a day for 7 days.
Please take the full 7 day course of antibiotics, as well as all other medications prescribed.
Do not drive while taking narcotic pain medications, and use a stool softener such as colace while you are taking the pain medication.
