She underwent exploratory laparotomy with discovery of a spleen laceration, and she underwent a splenectomy.
She had a long hospital course including prolonged intubated, ARDS, Acinetobacter pneumonia treated with Cephalosporin which resulted in a rash, and she was subsequently treated with Gentamicin and Levofloxacin.
She underwent an IVC filter placement.
She was treated with Vancomycin for ten days.
MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER:  Subcutaneous Heparin, Clonidine, Colace, Miconazole, Neurontin, Combivent, Procrit, Risperdal, Celexa, Lopressor, Buspar, Premarin, Haldol, Tylenol, Dulcolax, Morphine, Ativan.
Abdomen:  Her belly was benign with a well-healed laparotomy scar.
Malignancy work-up:  The patient was seen by Pulmonary consult and underwent chest CTA which showed improvement of the left upper lobe lesion with no change in the mediastinal lesion.
The patient was also seen by Neurosurgery who at that time were deferring any type of craniotomy or needle biopsy of brain lesions for diagnosis.
She was treated with an IVC filter.
The patient was not placed on anticoagulation medication, i.e.
Coumadin or Heparin, due to her brain masses per Neurosurgery's recommendations for fear of hemorrhage.
The patient will follow-up as an outpatient with Psychiatry and continue her current medication.
Urinary tract infection:  The patient was found to have a positive pyuria and bacteria and was subsequently treated with Bactrim for a 10-day course.
CONDITION ON DISCHARGE:  The patient was adequately stable with resolution of her right upper extremity edema and swelling with improvement in her physical ability to walk and to move around with improvement of her ability to tolerate pureed foods and with resolution of her requirement for oxygen to maintain oxygenation on room air.
DISPOSITION:  The patient will be transferred to [**Hospital1 20731**] for rehabilitation work-up.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Nicotine patch, Albuterol, Atrovent, Nebulizers, Lasix, Haldol 1-2 mg IV q.1-2 hours p.r.n.
agitation, Tylenol 650 mg p.o.
pain, Dulcolax 10 mg per rectum q.d.
for constipation, Buspar 50 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Calcium Carbonate 500 mg p.o.
