She denied a battery of constitutional symptoms including headache, fever, chills, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, dysuria.
Adrenal insufficiency status post bilateral adrenalectomy.
Melanoma status post excisional biopsy.
Mirtazapine 50 mg in the evening.
Tranxene 7.5 mg daily.
Lorazepam 0.25 mg daily.
Colace 100 mg twice daily.
Fludrocortisone 0.1 mg daily.
Hydrocortisone 30 mg in the morning and 20 mg in the evening.
Pantoprazole 40 mg daily.
Arimidex 4 mg daily.
Metoprolol 62.5 mg daily.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Vital signs: Temperature 98.4, heart rate 101 and irregular, blood pressure of 164/67, and oxygen saturation is 89% on room air, and 98% on 4 liters nasal cannula.
Cardiac:  Over the course of the patient's long hospital stay, her dose of metoprolol was sequentially increased from 62.5 mg twice daily to ultimately 75 mg every eight hours for rate control.
In consultation with the Cardiology service, the patient was also given an ACE inhibitor.
She required periodic diuresis with furosemide, approximately every four days she received furosemide for volume overload.
Endocrine:  The patient's requirement for hydrocortisone replacement fluctuated during the course of the hospital stay in consultation with the Endocrine service, an attempt was made to lower her hydrocortisone replacement, however, her white blood cell count climbed to over 70 when decreasing the dose of Hydrocortisone to 25 mg every 12 hours.
In consultation with the Psychiatric Service, she was given a trial of Risperidone, however, the patient was overly sedated on this medication, and was eventually withdrawn.
He received a transfusion of [**12-12**] pack units approximately every 3-4 days while in the hospital to maintain a hematocrit of approximately 38%.
She also required periodic diuresis with blood transfusions, no fevers or adverse reactions occurred during transfusion.
The second time, a large amount of necrotic debris, macrophages was recovered as well as neutrophils.
Her large left pleural effusion as well as her cerebrospinal fluids were sampled, neither which shown to have an infection.
She was placed on Vancomycin intravenously.
