HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 57 year old man with a history of nonHodgkin's lymphoma, status post six cycles of CHOP treatment and radiation treatment completed six months ago with "some type of heart involvement", here status post development of chest pain radiating to the neck while watching television the night prior to admission.
The patient's pain was nine out of ten and decreased to one out of ten with Nitroglycerin paste.
The patient was given Aspirin, 5 mg intravenous Nitroglycerin, and he ruled in for myocardial infarction and was given a 2B 3A.
The patient also received Aspirin, beta blocker and Heparin and was put on a Nitroglycerin drip.
The patient is status post six cycles of CHOP treatment and radiation therapy.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Dicloxacillin for his left leg ulcer.
Erythromycin eye drops for conjunctivitis.
Drips included Integrilin 2 mg/kg/minute.
Chem7 revealed sodium 142, potassium 3.8, chloride 105, bicarbonate 25, blood urea nitrogen 15, creatinine 0.7, glucose 126.
He had a left dominant system, the left main coronary artery was normal.
The Hepacoat stent was placed in the proximal left anterior descending with distal edge dissection and an additional Hepacoat stent was placed.
The patient was also placed on Metoprolol 25 mg p.o.
twice a day and subsequently began on Captopril as well.
In terms of ischemia, the patient was status post stent placement.
He was continued on Aspirin, Plavix, Heparin, Integrilin and Lipitor despite his normal lipid panel.
The patient also was switched from Dicloxacillin to Clindamycin and Levaquin for his left lower extremity cellulitis.
Therefore, the patient was switched to Vancomycin one gram twice a day.
In addition, his maculopapular rash continued to worsen with Clindamycin and Levaquin and it was suspected that he may be allergic to either Clindamycin, Levaquin, Lipitor or Captopril.
Therefore, he was switched from Captopril to Lisinopril and infectious disease and dermatology and vascular consultations were obtained.
Otherwise for prophylaxis, the patient was given [**Last Name (un) 6877**] Lotion, Hydroxyzine, Benadryl and Zantac for itching, Colace to prevent constipation, Protonix 40 mg once daily to prevent gastrointestinal ulceration and he was maintained on Integrilin, Heparin, and subsequently Aspirin and Plavix and then subcutaneous Heparin to prevent deep vein thrombosis formation.
