However, until the a.m. of transfer on [**2107-1-26**], the patient had an episode of polymorphic ventricular tachycardia degenerating into ventricular fibrillation, ultimately requiring DCCV, lidocaine, and amiodarone drip.
The patient was intubated, placed on dopamine for pressure support and then staged with propofol and transferred to the CCU for further evaluation.
Triple aorta repair approximately 5 to 10 years ago.
At the time of transfer, the patient was on amiodarone drip, dopamine of 13, aspirin, and propofol.
Chemistries, sodium 144, potassium 3.6, chloride 109, bicarbonate 29.5, BUN 31, creatinine 0.8, glucose 129, lactate of 13.7, down to 6.3, coagulations 13.4, 28, 1.2; ALT 118, AST 319, alkaline phosphatase 131, total bilirubin 0.7, troponin is 8 down from 24.
Given her CKs and troponin, the patient was treated with aspirin, statin, and Plavix.
She was not placed on beta blockers given her hemodynamic instability.
Initially, she was transferred from the floor on dopamine following a polymorphic ventricular tachycardia, degenerative ventricular fibrillation arrest.
Ultimately, secondary to episodes of rapid atrial fibrillation and also episodes of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia, the patient was transitioned from dopamine to levofed.
However, her PA catheter numbers did not indicate cardiogenic shock.
Rhythm; the patient transferred to the CCU after following an episode of polymorphic ventricular tachycardia, degenerative ventricular fibrillation arrest requiring DC cardioversion, and in addition, IV amiodarone, lidocaine, epinephrine and bicarbonate.
Throughout the patient's CCU course, she remained extremely dependent upon both IV amiodarone and lidocaine.
Ultimately, lidocaine was continued until the patient's family had desired to change the patient's status to CMO, at which point, lidocaine was discontinued.
Pulmonary:  Initially, the patient was transferred to the CCU intubated following her ventricular tachycardia/ventricular fibrillation arrest.
She remained intubated in her entire course until her death on the 29th.
She was initially treated empirically with Levaquin and clindamycin for possible postobstructive pneumonia given her history of presumed lung cancer.
Later on, vancomycin was added when staph was found in her sputum.
Initially, she was treated with Levaquin and clindamycin for presumed postobstructive pneumonia.
Vancomycin was added later on when sputum was found to be positive for staph.
She continued on antibiotics until the day of her death at which point she was changed to be CMO.
No further intervention was made at this point.
Ultimately, given the patient's presumed metastatic malignancy, her ongoing arrhythmias requiring a persistent lidocaine drips, her recent MI, and prolonged hypotension with essential hypertension, and possible anoxic brain injury, it was decided to change the patient's code status from full code to eventually DNR/DNI and to ultimately CMO.
Coronary artery disease, status post myocardial infarction.
