This headache was again worse at the onset and the nausea and vomiting have improved, however she still was experiencing severe pain, and was not relieved with ~3g of Tylenol on Saturday.
She has been on Celexa for a long time but her dose increased from 10 to 20mg about 3 weeks prior.
Before she was seen by neurology in the ED she already had a CT/CTA/MRI/A/V and LP.
LP with bloody fluid tubes [**2-10**].
TECHNIQUE: Angiographic phase images through the head were obtained following administration of intravenous contrast.
FINDINGS: The high cervical and intracranial internal carotid arteries are asymmetric, with the left side being smaller than the right, likely secondary to the hypoplastic left A1 segment.
She was maintained on a heparin drip overnight.
In addition to the above complaints, she does note neck pain related to her work, and was given a soft cervical collar to be worn while sleeping.
Medications on Admission: - Celexa 20mg - Flexaril 5mg TID   Discharge Medications: 1.
Aspirin 325 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily): do not stop taking this medication on your own .
Percocet 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO every four (4) hours as needed for pain.
Disp:*40 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0*   Discharge Disposition: Home  Discharge Diagnosis: Acomm Aneurysm   Discharge Condition: neurologically intact   Discharge Instructions: Angiogram with Embolization and/or Stent placement Medications: ??????
Take Aspirin 325mg (enteric coated) once daily.
Continue all other medications you were taking before surgery, unless otherwise directed ??????
You make take Tylenol or prescribed pain medications for any post procedure pain or discomfort.
You may shower (let the soapy water run over groin incision, rinse and pat dry) ??????
Your incision may be left uncovered, unless you have small amounts of drainage from the wound, then place a dry dressing or band aid over the area that is draining, as needed ??????
No driving until you are no longer taking pain medications  What to report to office: ??????
Severe headache or worsening headache not controlled by pain medication ??????
Bleeding from groin puncture site  *SUDDEN, SEVERE BLEEDING OR SWELLING (Groin puncture site) Lie down, keep leg straight and have someone apply firm pressure to area for 10 minutes.
