Open treatment of pathologic fracture dislocation C7,     T1, T2, T3.
She was diagnosed with spinal metastases in [**2123**] and had radiation.
Her medications included lisinopril, folic acid, Crestor, calcium, multivitamin, Arimidex, Exgeva, Ativan, and Tegretol.
It is noted that she was using Duragesic patches at that time.
She was on hormonal therapy as well as Exgeva.
In brief, this is a patient with multiple osseous metastases from breast cancer status post radiation to her spine as well as hormonal therapy.
I recommended a new CT of her cervicothoracic junction and follow up with me.
I do think her life expectancy is significant enough to consider surgical stabilization given the remaining option, which would be to leave her in a brace indefinitely.
The surgery was without complication and the patient was transferred to the ICU in a stable condition.
Intravenous antibiotics were continued for 24hrs postop per standard protocol.
The patient was transitioned to oral pain medication when tolerating PO diet.
Foley was removed on POD#2.
On the day of discharge the patient was afebrile with stable vital signs, comfortable on oral pain control and tolerating a regular diet.
Medications on Admission: lisinopril, folic acid, Crestor, calcium, multivitamin, Arimidex, Exgeva, Ativan, and Tegretol.
Discharge Medications: 1. carbamazepine 100 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One (1) Tablet, Chewable PO QID (4 times a day).
2. rosuvastatin 5 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
3. anastrozole 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO daily at 5 pm ().
4. bisacodyl 5 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
5. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day) as needed for constipation.
6. senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day) as needed for constipation.
7. folic acid 1 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
8. thiamine HCl 100 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
9. multivitamin     Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
10. tramadol 50 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q4H (every 4 hours) as needed for pain.
Disp:*180 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0* 11. acetaminophen 500 mg Tablet Sig: Two (2) Tablet PO Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed for fever or pain.
12. oxycodone 5 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) as needed for pain.
Pathologic fracture with instability and dislocation at     C7, T1, T2, T3.
Status post radiation   Discharge Condition: Mental Status: Clear and coherent.
-      Rehabilitation/ Physical Therapy: o  2-3 times a day you should go for a walk for 15-30 minutes as part of your recovery.
-      Wound Care:Remove the dressing in 2 days.
-      You have also been given Additional Medications to control your pain.
In addition, we are only allowed to write for pain medications for 90 days from the date of surgery.
