Three days later, there was swelling noted on the right foot as well as right leg and thigh.
The patient was given 80 mg of Lovenox subcutaneously there and was directly admitted for treatment of lower extremity deep venous thrombosis.
Status post stent placement, biliary stent, in [**2158-9-30**].
Total abdominal hysterectomy / bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy.
Denies any recent weight loss, chest pain, dizziness, fever, chills or night sweats.
On arrival to the Floor, the patient was noted to be hypotensive, tachycardic and did not respond appropriately to three liters of normal saline fluid boluses.
It was subsequently decided that based on the patient's massive pulmonary embolism, the most appropriate intervention at that time was for an IVC filter placement.
In the interim, however, the patient was started on a heparin drip which was discontinued temporarily before the IVC filter placement to then resume subsequently.
Following placement of the filter, the patient remained on bed rest with pulse and groin checks every one hour.
Her heparin was subsequently restarted at 1150 units per hour.
Her O2 saturation remained in the high 90s on two liters of nasal cannula; lungs remained clear.
Intravenous fluids were continued as needed to maintain blood pressure.
A trial off of intravenous fluids was attempted which the patient tolerated.
She was started on Lovenox 80 mg subcutaneously q.
She will need to remain on Lovenox indefinitely.
The patient was provided with intravenous fluids in the form of normal saline through boluses and normal infusion, however, urine output did not respond appropriately.
She was subsequently started on Levaquin for therapy at 500 mg q. day by mouth, however, urine output remained minimal.
A fractional excretion of sodium determined the patient to be prerenal indicating a need for further hydration.
At this time, it was decided to transfuse the patient with two units of packed red blood cells to try to maintain her fluid intravascular.
The patient received two units of packed red blood cells without incident.
A Lasix trial was initiated at which time the patient appeared to respond somewhat.
She remained off of her blood pressure medications and off of intravenous fluids towards the tail end of her hospital stay.
While the patient is on a chemotherapy regimen with Taxotere, the possibility of a low grade DIC could not be excluded in this setting.
For her malignancy, her end stage pancreatic cancer, again being treated with Taxotere palliatively, but will be held for the time being as per oncologist.
During the course of her hospital stay, the patient's blood glucose remained within normal limits using Glyburide and insulin sliding scale.
For prophylaxis, the patient was placed on Protonix 40 q. day.
She was evaluated by Physical Therapy who determined that the patient was a candidate for home Physical Therapy and she will be discharged with this service.
Docusate sodium 100 mg p.o.
Sertraline 50 mg q. day.
Hydromorphone 2 mg q.
Glyburide 5 mg q. p.m. and a.m. 6.
Prochlorperazine 10 mg p.o.
Ambien 5 mg p.o.
Lansoprazole 15 mg p.o.
Enoxaparin sodium 80 mg subcutaneously q.
Lactulose 10 grams in ml syrup, p.o.
The patient to be discharged with home Physical Therapy and other hospital supplies necessary for her comfort in her home, i.e., hospital bed, commode.
