A cipher stent was placed in the mid LAD without residual stenosis.
The patient had a cardiac catheterization which was complicated by a right bundle branch block, probably secondary to placement of a PA catheter.
In the past, she was treated with Melphalan but is not currently under treatment.
Lipitor 10.
Levoxyl 150.
Spironolactone 25 b.i.d.
Oxybutynin 5 b.i.d.
Toprol 25.
Reglan 10 t.i.d.
Amitriptyline 25 q.h.s.
Nexium 40 b.i.d.
Isordil 10 q.i.d.
NPH 22 q.a.m.
Regular insulin 6 units q.a.m.
CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE:  The patient had a cipher stent placed to her mid LAD.
The patient was maintained on beta blocker, aspirin, Plavix, and a statin.
Initially the patient was placed on hydralazine and Imdur for preload and after reduction.
A few days after cardiac catheterization, she was started on an ACE inhibitor, however, the next morning her creatinine bumped from 1.3 to 1.6 and, therefore, the ACE inhibitor was discontinued.
Hydralazine and Imdur were restarted.
The plan is for the patient to be restarted on an ACE inhibitor as an outpatient and see if her creatinine is effected.
In addition, the patient had baseline LFTs prior to starting statin that showed an ALT of 32, AST 53 (likely elevated from cardiac injury), alkaline phosphatase 103, and total bilirubin 0.6, within normal limits except for the elevated AST.
DIABETES:  The patient was maintained on Reglan for gastroparesis and insulin.
Prior to discharge, she was restarted on her Avandia and her normal dose of NPH and regular insulin.
INCREASED CREATININE ON ADMISSION:  The patient received Mucomyst and post catheterization hydration for renal protection.
As her creatinine trended down, an ACE inhibitor was started.
The day after the ACE inhibitor was started, her creatinine bumped from 1.3 to 1.6.
She will likely be able to be started on an ACE inhibitor as an outpatient.
HYPERTENSION:  The patient was maintained on a beta blocker and hydralazine.
HYPOTHYROIDISM:  The patient was maintained on Levoxyl.
As an outpatient, she will be started on an ACE inhibitor as her creatinine tolerates and at that time, Imdur and hydralazine will be discontinued.
Aspirin 325 once a day.
Plavix 75 once a day.
Atorvostatin 80 once a day.
Amitriptyline 25 q.h.s.
Reglan 10 p.o.
Toprol 25 q.d.
Levothyroxine 150 mcg p.o.
Insulin:  22 units NPH q.a.m., regular insulin 6 units q.a.m.
Oxybutynin 5 mg p.o.
Nexium 40 mg p.o.
Rosiglitazone 4 mg p.o.
Imdur 30 mg p.o.
Hydralazine 10 mg p.o.
The patient's medications may be altered prior to discharge.
