She was treated for chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation with steroids, antibiotics including Vancomycin and Cefepime for pneumonia, and was extubated after two or three days.
The patient was also treated for hypertensive urgency requiring transient Labetalol drip.
She was having low-grade fevers on her steroid taper, and she had a loculated right pleural effusion for which the patient had refused thoracentesis.
The patient had a blood pressure of 176/44, pulse 110, and oxygen saturation of 70% on nonrebreather and was intubated for respiratory distress with subsequent hypotension after induction.
The patient had a chest x-ray after intubation which showed prominent right hilar area concerning for vascular abnormality.
Due to her hypotension, the patient received approximately 6 L of intravenous fluid in the Emergency Room.
She was also given Ceftriaxone and Flagyl, as well as Lasix.
She had a right IJ and right arterial line in place.
The patient required subsequent fluid boluses and Levophed for a ................ less than 60.
The patient underwent bronchoscopy while intubated which showed that the trachea and left side of the bronchi were within normal limits.
The patient also had a deep venous thrombosis detected by lower extremity ultrasound and was started on a Heparin drip.
She continued to have difficult elevated blood pressures requiring Hydralazine IV.
Vitamin D deficiency.
Chronic back pain on MS Contin 120 mg p.o.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Levofloxacin, Lisinopril, Colace, Combivent, Norvasc, Dilantin, Hydralazine, Metoprolol, Clonidine, Prednisone, Percocet, Multivitamin, Tears, Aspirin, Calcium Carbonate, Celexa, Neurontin, Clonazepam, Alendronate, Protonix, MS Contin 120 mg p.o.
MEDICATIONS ON TRANSFER:  At the time of transfer from the Intensive Care Unit to the Medicine Service, the patient was on Labetalol 30 mg IV q.6., Dilantin 125 mg IV q.12., Clonidine 2 patches once a week, Hydralazine 30 mg IV q.6 hours, Vancomycin 1000 mg, Ceftazidime 2 g, Morphine p.r.n., Albuterol/Atrovent inhalers, Ranitidine IV, Aspirin, sliding scale Insulin.
ET tube in place.
LABORATORY DATA:  At the time of admission, white blood cell count 35.3, hematocrit 41.5, MCV 86, RDW 14, differential with neutrophils of 96%, bands 3%, atypicals 1%, platelet count 395; PT 13.5, PTT 25.4, INR 1.2; urinalysis yellow, cloudy, specific gravity of 1.025, large blood, negative nitrite, 30 protein, no glucose or ketones, small leukocyte esterase, greater than 50 red blood cells, greater than 50 white blood cells, few bacteria, few yeast, 21-50 squamous epithelial cells; glucose 236; sodium 129, potassium 4.3, chloride 97, bicarb 20, BUN 43, creatinine 2.1; CK 139, CKMB 6, troponin less than 0.3; albumin 3.5, calcium 6.9, phosphorus 8.1, magnesium 2.4; Dilantin 2.1; initial arterial blood gas while intubated with a pH of 7.27, pCO2 49, pO2 221 on 100% FI02; lactate 2.1, free calcium 1.04.
Levofloxacin after having a loculated pleural effusion and pneumonia requiring intubation.
She was treated with intravenous antibiotics, initially Ceftriaxone and Flagyl and then switched to Ceftazidime and Vancomycin given her recent hospital stay.
The patient was initially treated with steroids for presumed adrenal insufficiency; however, cortisol stimulation test was fine, and steroids were discontinued.
The patient was also treated with Bicarbonate for metabolic acidosis.
The patient was treated with Heparin drip for deep venous thrombosis.
The patient also had labile hypertension controlled with intravenous antihypertensives.
The patient had anemia which was treated with 1 U of packed red blood cells.
The patient also has a well circumscribed small right adrenal lesion and apparently enhancing nodule with an area of ascites anterior to the liver.
The overall plan of care was to continue treatment of the patient's other medical conditions.
Goal of treatment is palliative which includes chemotherapy and radiation therapy, as well as supportive care.
Her comorbidities would make it difficult for her to tolerate chemotherapy or radiation.
The decision regarding role of palliative radiation therapy in this patient with a history of chronic low back pain requiring high doses of MS Contin for over 10-20 years, make it less likely that palliative radiation therapy would be of any benefit.
Deep venous thrombosis:  The patient was initially maintained on Heparin drip.
She was then started on Coumadin and reached therapeutic INR.
The goal INR will be between 2 and 3, and the patient is currently on a dose of Coumadin 2.5 mg p.o.
Hypertension:  The patient had hypertension that was difficult to control and required intravenous medications, initially Hydralazine; however, the patient was gradually changed over to a p.o.
regimen and had good control of her blood pressure between 130s and 160s systolic on a regimen of Clonodine 2 patches q.week, Lisinopril 40 mg p.o.
q.d., Labetalol 200 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Norvasc 5 mg p.o.
Anxiety:  The patient is on Klonopin as an outpatient and had not been restarted on this medication.
The patient will also be restarted on her Celexa.
The goal is that with supportive care and return to familiar environment, the patient will have improvement in mental status, as well as resumption of her Benzodiazepine which she has been on for many years.
The patient is currently with an INR greater than 3 on a dose of Coumadin 2.5 mg p.o.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
q.d., Albuterol metered dose inhalers 2 puffs q.6 hours, Ipotropium Bromide 2 puffs q.4 hours, Clonodine 0.2 mg patch q.week, Clonozapam 0.5 mg p.o.
to be titrated to q.i.d., Dulcolax 10 mg p.o.
p.r.n., Lisinopril 40 mg p.o.
q.d., Dilantin 300 mg p.o.
q.d., Labetalol 200 mg p.o.
t.i.d., MS Contin 120 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Norvasc 5 mg p.o.
q.d., Miconazole patch, Coumadin 2.5 mg p.o.
q.d., Colace 100 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Senna 2 tab p.o.
b.i.d., Celexa 20 mg p.o.
