Question of right thyroid lobectomy for a lesion in his past.
Synthroid 50 mcg once a day.
DiaBeta 10 in the morning and 5 in the PM.
Lasix 40 in the morning and 80 in the PM.
Norvasc 10 mg once a day.
Lisinopril 30 mg once a day.
Lopressor 50 mg p.o.
Lipitor 40 mg. 8.
He tolerated the procedure well.
CARDIAC:  Patient had a Swan-Ganz catheter postoperatively for hemodynamic wondering and had several episodes of shortness of breath during his stay here for which he had repeated work ups which were negative for any evidence of a myocardial infarction.
RESPIRATORY:  Patient had a right sided chest tube in place until late in postoperative week #2.
Patient had question of a pneumonia during his hospital stay for which he received a 5 day course of Levaquin without any difficulty.
GI:  Patient is now tolerating a postesophageal gastrectomy diet well.
Patient is being cycled on tube feeds at 105 cc an hour over 12 hours of ProMod with fiber.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  Patient received perioperative antibiotics and received a course of Levaquin while in-house for a suspected possible pneumonia which upon culture was negative.
RENAL:  Patient's creatinine became somewhat more elevated off his baseline and has gone as high as 2.2 prior to discharge, however he is making urine and may have some insufficiency, however he is not by any means in any renal failure.
Patient is continued on his diuretics.
WOUNDS:  Patient's abdominal wound staples are discontinued and Steri-Strips were applied.
His thoracotomy incision, he is healing well and his incision is clean, dry and well-approximated.
The patient finally voided after a Foley was discontinued two days prior to discharge.
He was started on Flomax 0.8 mg and has been able to void since.
His tube feeds should continue and his caloric intake should be monitored.
Prevacid 30 mg via J tube every day.
Colace 100 mg b.i.d.
Levothyroxine 50 mcg q.d.
Metoprolol 75 mg twice a day via the J tube, hold for heart rate less than 65 or a systolic blood pressure less than 110.
Lisinopril 20 mg via the J tube once a day.
Norvasc 10 mg via the J tube once a day.
Glyburide 7.5 mg twice a day.
He should receive Lipitor 40 mg via the J tube once a day.
Morphine 5 to 10 mg PJTO or p.o.
Flomax 0.8 mg at bedtime.
Lasix 40 mg in the evening and 80 mg in the morning.
Reglan 10 mg q.i.d.
The patient's tube feed should continue with ProMod with fiber 105 cc over 12 hours cycled at night and to be adjusted as his p.o.
