He also had a history of chronic lymphocytic leukemia which was diagnosed in the setting of Remicade use, ankylosing spondylitis which was led to a mild restrictive lung disease.
He was discharged on 2 liters of oxygen to rehabilitation.
He was doing well at rehabilitation, although he was put on prednisone 60 mg q day for further obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation at an unknown date in the rehabilitation.
He received 6 units of packed red blood cells and 2 units of fresh-frozen plasma, 2 units of platelets, and fluid resuscitated briefly on Levophed.
He was intubated for airway protection.
Methadone 30 mg po tid.
Klonopin 0.5 mg tid.
Ativan 0.5 mg prn.
Protonix 40 mg po q day.
Prednisone 40 mg q day.
Albuterol inhaler.
Trazodone 50 mg q hs.
Allopurinol 300 mg q day.
ALLERGIES:  Penicillin and sulfa.
Fistulizing Crohn's disease status post partial colectomy and ileectomy with ileostomy.
He was prepped for a scope proximal from his ileostomy.
As patient's hematocrit was stable, and the ileostomy site scope was normal, further intervention was deferred.
In the setting of changing his ileostomy bag, an arterial bleed was opened up from the skin connection from his ileostomy at the surgical site.
Ileostomy output is sporadically guaiac positive.
On sputum culture, he was found to have 4+ Strep pneumoniae, and where he had been on 25 PMNs, he was started on antibiotics for this.
Sensitivities returned late in the course after receiving Vancomycin and ceftriaxone, and levofloxacin.
The Strep pneumoniae happened to be resistant to levofloxacin and intermediate sensitivity to ceftriaxone.
It was switched to azithromycin and the patient recovered well late in the hospitalization with blood pressures stabilizing off pressors and becoming afebrile with a white blood cell count decreasing from a peak in the 30's to 6.7.
He remained intubated until [**2105-3-6**] when after a very slow weaning process, it was felt that his clinical condition had improved to the point that he would tolerate extubation well.
He was extubated uneventfully, and was maintained well on decreasing amounts of ventilation originally on BiPAP, and then switched to a face mask, and to 2 liters nasal cannula with goal oxygen saturations in the low 90%.
He was not transfused any platelets during this admission.
He did require multiple transfusions to maintain his hematocrit above 28 in the setting of congestive obstructive pulmonary disease and coronary artery disease.
Ceftriaxone was discontinued and as pressures were normalized, the patient's creatinine and renal function improved, and urine output improved as well.
The patient was transiently put on calcium carbonate for phosphorus control as was phosphorus was elevated during his renal failure.
FEN:  The patient was kept on tube feeds while intubated and advanced to a po diet prior to transfer to the floor.
Prophylaxis:  He was kept on pneumoboots, proton-pump inhibitor, and subQ Heparin throughout hospitalization.
After the bleed was stabilized, he was started on aspirin which was continued during the rest of the hospitalization.
This dictation will be addended with discharge medications prior to discharge by the floor team.
