minutes of angioplasty and this dissection was felt to be stable.
Oxygen saturation 90% on room air and 96% on four liters.
Chem 7 revealed sodium of 140, potassium 4.1, chloride 105, bicarbonate 25, BUN 17, creatinine 1.0, and glucose 119.
CK was 52, and troponin I was less than 0.04.
After catheterization and stenting, the patient had a normal sinus rhythm at 58 beats per minute with PVCs noted.
ASSESSMENT:  This is a 83-year-old man with acute anterior myocardial infarction this evening, who received thrombolysis at the outside hospital and was Medflighted here for percutaneous coronary intervention.
Stent was placed in the mid LAD at the diagonal 2, restoring flow to a 90% lesion there.
CARDIAC:  We continued the patient on aspirin and initiated Plavix therapy, which he should continue for one month.
Aspirin should be continued indefinitely.
Integrilin was used during and post catheterization and this was stopped after 18 hours.
We initiated statin therapy for an LDL of 107 and HDL that was low at 29.
Low-dose beta blocker was started and titrated up as the blood pressure allowed and this was ultimately left at Atenolol 25 mg p.o.q.d.
The same was done for an ACE inhibitor, initially with Captopril and then changing to Zestril, and he was discharged on Zestril 5 mg PO q.d.
Given the patient's elevated filling pressures and his depressed ejection fraction after his MI, we initiated therapy with Furosemide that improved his symptoms somewhat, although, not completely.
Therefore, we discharged him on Lasix 40 mg PO q.d.
GENITOURINARY:  Initially, the patient had Foley catheter placed as he needed to remain at bed rest for the first twenty-four hour of the hospitalization.
Foley catheter was removed and replaced with condom catheter and Pyridium was given for symptomatic benefit.
Sensitivities were still pending at the time of discharge, however, he was initiated on Levofloxacin for an intended course of seven days.
FLUIDS, ELECTROLYTES, AND NUTRITION:   Cardiac healthy diet was provided.
Potassium and magnesium were repleted as necessary.
PROPHYLAXIS:  Heparin subcutaneously was given for prophylaxis, as well as Protonix.
Atenolol 25 mg PO q.d.
Aspirin 325 mg PO q.d.
Lasix 40 mg PO q.d., which should be adjusted as an outpatient depending on volume status.
Plavix 75 mg PO q.d.for 30 days.
Levaquin 250 mg PO q.d.for five additional days for a total course of seven days.
Lipitor 19 mg PO q.d.
Zestril 5 mg PO q.d.
Status post stent to the left anterior descending artery.
