Initially the patient's blood pressure was systolic in the 90s, which improved with intravenous fluids.
He was also transfused with 2 units of packed red blood cells and started on Octreotide.
Status post transurethral resection of the prostate in [**2105**] for benign prostatic hypertrophy.
Aspirin 325 mg q day.
Blood pressure initially 96/34 and increased to 125/52 after 2 liters of intravenous fluid.
O2 sat 96% on room air.
The patient was transfused 4 units of packed red blood cells.
Gastrointestinal was consulted and an esophagogastroduodenoscopy was done, which initially showed Dieulafoy lesion in the body of the stomach, which was treated with thermotherapy to stop the bleeding.
Repeat cauterization was not successful and so no further therapy was done.
The patient was placed on proton pump inhibitor with Protonix 40 mg b.i.d.
His aspirin was held due to the gastrointestinal bleeding.
His antihypertensive medication was also held due to hemodynamic instability from gastrointestinal bleeding.
After the patient's hematocrit stabilized his blood pressure remained very well controlled and therefore he was not started on his antihypertensive during the hospitalization.
He should be restarted on this medication after he follows up with his primary care physician approximately one week after discharge if needed.
The patient also was subsequently noted to have an irregular heart rate and the electrocardiogram showed atrial ectopy, however, his rate was controlled and no further therapy was done at this time.
After transfusion repletion of fluids the patient's creatinine returned back to baseline.
History of transient ischemic attack:  The patient had been on an aspirin for his history of transient ischemic attack, however, given his gastrointestinal bleed he should not take any aspirin or any other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for the near future.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Protonix 40 mg b.i.d.
DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS AND FOLLOW UP PLANS:  The patient was instructed to refrain from taking any aspirin or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
