HEMATOLOGY/ONCOLOGY:  The patient continued per the transplant protocol to receive total body irradiation twice a day in preparation for his stem cell transplant.
He tolerated these radiations well with mild intermittent nausea and vomiting.
Afterwards, the patient received his stem cells on [**2118-9-15**].
After completing his last dose of total body irradiation, he tolerated the stem cell transplantation procedure well.
The patient was on cyclosporin continuous infusion for the prevention of graft-versus-host disease.
The dose of the cyclosporin continuous infusion was adjusted based on serum levels which were drawn every one to two days.
The patient was given a platelet transfusion to help stop the nosebleeding.
Therefore, he was started on Solu-Medrol.
He received three days of Solu-Medrol in a tapering dose of 100 mg, 50 mg, and 25 mg, following which he was afebrile and had no further symptoms or signs of engraftment syndrome.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  The patient remained afebrile for much of his transplant course; however, on day plus six, the patient did spike a fever and as he was neutropenic, he was started on cefepime for pseudomonal coverage.
He also continued on acyclovir and fluconazole as prophylaxis per the transplant protocol.
The patient remained on cefepime and at approximately day plus eight he was started on vancomycin as he had a laceration to the head and there was concern for gram-positive infection given his neutropenia.
The patient continued on these antibiotics until his neutropenia resolved and his white count began to increase.
The patient remained on acyclovir and fluconazole for prophylaxis.
Bactrim Double-Strength three times a week was also added for prophylaxis.
The patient has hepatitis B and will probably need to be treated for his hepatitis after he had engrafted.
Prior to discharge, hepatitis B viral load was sent and there was a plan to resume treatment of his hepatitis B with Lamivudine after discharge.
GENITOURINARY:  Several days after receiving his stem cell infusion, the patient began to complain of suprapubic discomfort and pain upon urination as well as penile pain upon urination.
The patient was started on Pyridium and this relieved his symptoms dramatically.
Initially, it was relieved by morphine; however, towards the end of the admission, morphine was not relieving the patient's headache and he was started on Inderal at a low dose of 10 mg twice a day.
The patient was immediately transfused two bags of platelets and he was transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for further monitoring and management.
The patient had initially been started on Dilantin after this event for seizure prophylaxis.
The patient was started on Flagyl for a period of time for a concern of C. difficile colitis; however, C. difficile toxins which were sent were negative and the Flagyl was discontinued.
FLUIDS, ELECTROLYTES, AND NUTRITION:  The patient was maintained on IV fluid hydration as per the transplant protocol throughout the hospital admission.
He was discharged on IV fluids as well as his p.o.
The patient required electrolyte replacement throughout the hospital admission intermittently.
He had magnesium wasting secondary to cyclosporin and required magnesium replacement on an almost daily basis and he would continue to receive magnesium replacement intravenously as an outpatient.
PROPHYLAXIS:  The patient was maintained on standard transplant prophylaxis with antiemetics and mouth care.
DISCHARGE STATUS:  The patient was discharged home with visiting nursing services for IV medications and fluids.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) status post sibling allogeneic transplant.
Acyclovir 400 mg t.i.d.
Bactrim double-strength one tablet three times a week on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Fluconazole 200 mg once a day.
Ursodiol 300 mg b.i.d.
Oxycontin 10 mg q.
Oxycodone 5-10 mg every six hours as needed for pain.
Folic acid 1 mg q.d.
Multivitamins one tablet q.d.
Inderal 10 mg b.i.d.
Betamethasone 0.05% cream applied twice a day to hands.
Cyclosporin by continuous infusion, discharge dose 225 mg over 24 hours to be adjusted by serum level for future doses.
1 liter normal saline IV fluids with 5 grams of magnesium to be infused over four hours each day.
