Biopsies revealed well- differentiated adenocarcinoma for which she was admitted on [**2163-7-20**] for right hemicolectomy.
The patient tolerated the procedure with minimal blood loss.
She was also given a unit of packed red blood cells due to postoperative anemia complicating preexisting anemia.
The patient was monitored cautiously during the resuscitative period, and evaluated for congestive heart failure, despite the fact that her EF was greater than 55 percent, particularly because of O2 saturations in the low-90's, although this was not an initial finding on chest x-ray.
The patient received aggressive chest physical therapy, as well as received a rule out for myocardial infarction, which was confirmed negative by enzymes.
On the night of postoperative day 4, the patient experienced a decrease in O2 saturation, satting only in the 70 percent range on a nonrebreather after nebulizer treatments.
The patient had a triple-lumen subclavian catheter inserted while in the unit.
The patient was intubated and placed on a ventilation system, was given Lasix as needed, and received serial ABG's.
A right A-line was also placed for closer monitoring.
The patient was placed on Zosyn for a question of pneumonia.
The patient also experienced issues with atrial fibrillation which required an increase in Lopressor treatment.
She eventually had a feeding tube placed to initiate tube feeds.
Her diuresis was continued aggressively to pull fluid off.
After extensive treatment with Lasix, the patient developed a metabolic alkalosis, and for that reason was placed on Diamox, both to aid with diuresis and with correction of her metabolic alkalosis.
On the 3, the patient underwent a speech and swallow study which she failed, and for that reason was left NPO, and left on aggressive tube feed treatment.
She had experienced another decrease in oxygen saturation, requiring nonrebreather mask and increased pulmonary toilet.
She reached her baseline preoperative weight, and her Lasix was stopped.
She did not require persistent replacement of potassium and magnesium for hypokalemia and hypomagnesemia.
The patient continued to tolerate her tube feeds well.
She will be discharged with a Dobbhoff in place and on tube feeds at 40 cc/h, and in 1 week will require a swallow study.
If, at that time, she is able to swallow, the tube feeds can be DC'd, and the patient placed on a diet.
She does require physical therapy, for which the patient was started on in house, but will need continued therapy as the days go on.
All the patient's antibiotics are being DC'd with the    exception of linezolid which she will be required to    complete a 10-day course of.
She will be discharged on Tylenol prn for pain.
Albuterol nebs 1 neb q 4 h. 4.
Amiodarone 400 mg po bid.
Heparin 5,000 U subcu tid.
Insulin sliding scale.
Atrovent 1 neb q 6 h. 8.
Lopressor 50 mg po tid.
Miconazole powder 1 application tid prn.
10.Nystatin oral suspension 5 ml po qid prn.
