Her fiance heard a noise in an adjacent room and found her on the floor with her right arm stiff and shaking and her head deviated to the right.
She required a Nipride drip for blood pressure control and was loaded and maintained on Dilantin.
There was also an incidental finding of dermoid tumors on abdominal pelvic CT. She had intermittent agitation requiring Ativan and Haldol.
MEDICATIONS AT HOME:  None.
Neurological examination:  Awake, alert and cooperative, but agitated, she was oriented times three, her attention, speech, and language praxis were normal, her visual spacial function was impaired on clock drawing and cube copying.
LABS AT TRANSFER:  White blood cell count 8; hematocrit 34.5; platelets 87; sodium 137; potassium 2.9; chloride 101; bicarbonate 30; BUN 6; creatinine 0.6; glucose 96; calcium 8.6; magnesium 2.1; phosphatase 3.2; INR 1.2; PTT 32.8; ESR 20; ALT 68; AST 127; lipase 13; amylase 99; hepatitis B negative; hepatitis C positive; HIV negative; Dilantin 18.3; urine tox positive for cocaine on admission; blood cultures showed no growth to date; head CT on admission showed right parietal, left parietal, and right frontotemporal intracerebral hemorrhage with surrounding edema; brain magnetic resonance scan showed above intracranial hemorrhages with minimal enhancement in the right temporal region; CAT scan of the abdomen and pelvis showed two large masses consistent with bilateral ovarian dermoids; TTE showed an ejection fraction of 50% and mildly thickened aortic and mitral valve leaflets.
She was continued on Dilantin with no further seizures.
She was given intermittent Ativan for agitation.
Ear, Nose, and Throat Service was consulted and felt that the imaging and clinical findings were most consistent with acute and chronic sinusitis and recommended treatment with Augmentin which was started.
Verapamil 120 mg sustained release by mouth once daily.
Augmentin 1 tablet by mouth twice a day.
Thiamine 100 mg once daily.
Folate 1 mg once daily.
Dilantin 100 mg three times a day.
Vitamin B12 100 micrograms once daily.
Multivitamin 1 tablet once daily.
