He now presents for surgical management of his esophageal cancer.
Proscar 5 mg q. day 2.
Synthroid 150 mcg q. day 3.
Norvasc 5 mg q. day.
Aspirin 5.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg q. day 6.
Zestril 40 mg q. day 7.
Toprol 50 mg q. day 8.
Protonix 40 mg q. day 9.
The patient tolerated the procedure well and there were no immediate postoperative complications, please see the operative note for further details.
Before closure of the operation, a chest tube was placed in the right chest wall, and the jejunostomy tube was also placed for feeding purposes.
The patient's pain was well controlled with a Bupivacaine epidural.
A follow up chest x-ray demonstrated that the chest tube was in the correct position.
On postoperative day #1, the patient's epidural was discontinued and the patient was successfully pushed over to Dilaudid for pain control.
On postoperative day #2, the patient's tube feedings were started at 20 cc/hr.
On postoperative day #3, the patient's medications were switched over to p.o.
The patient was also given some Lasix for diuresis.
It is also noted that the patient began having low oxygen saturations and had been requiring increasing oxygen via facemask for close to 24 hours.
His tube feeds were discontinued and a stat arterial blood gases, electrocardiogram and chest x-ray were obtained.
It was evident that the patient was going into respiratory failure and Anesthesia was also called for intubation of this patient.
Hydralazine was given for blood pressure control.
On postoperative day #6, the patient was started on Levofloxacin.
He was also given Diamox to attempt reversal of his metabolic alkalosis.
The patient was transfused 1 unit of packed red blood cells to help oxygenation.
His tube feeds were also restarted.
His tubes were increased and advanced.
The patient was also started on Vancomycin to cover the Staphylococcus aureus.
He was continued with chest physical therapy and frequent suctioning.
He was also given Lasix for diuresis.
He tolerated his tube feeds.
On postoperative day #15, the patient's antibiotics were changed from Levofloxacin to Zosyn.
On postoperative day #6, the patient's chest tube was removed.
Diuresis, pulmonary toilet and chest physical therapy were all continued.
On postoperative day #20, the patient's nasogastric tube was discontinued.
The patient's metabolic alkalosis was ultimately improved with a hydrochloride drip.
A peripheral intravenous line was placed and his central venous line was discontinued.
Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] had recommended improving his wake/sleep cycles with Trazodone 50 q.h.s.
and Ritalin 5 mg q.
A physical therapy and occupational therapy consult were obtained.
The patient's Zosyn antibiotic was discontinued after 14 days.
Mental status changes following acute illness 4.
Albuterol 2.
Amlodipine 5 mg q. day 3.
Aspirin 81 q. day 4.
Finasteride 5 mg q. day 6.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg q. day 7.
Hydralazine 100 mg q.
Insulin sliding scale 9.
Lansoprazole 30 mg q. day 10.
Synthroid 175 mcg q. day 11.
Lisinopril 40 mg q. day 12.
Lopressor 25 mg b.i.d.
Trazodone 50 mg q.h.s.
Ritalin 5 mg q.
Potassium chloride 20 mg q. day 16.
Tamsulosin 0.4 mg p.o.
