HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Ms. [**Known lastname 15747**] is a 77 year-old Russian speaking woman with past medical history significant for papillary cancer of the thyroid and is status post resection and radiation therapy who was admitted with respiratory failure secondary to an obstructing endobronchial metastasis from her papillary cancer of her thyroid.
During the procedure the patient was provided with some relief of obstruction by placing a stent and then patient was extubated and hopsital course was complicated by a post obstructive pneumonia.
Patient was on ceftazidine and Levaquin after the extubation and was transferred to the medical floor prior to discharge.
2) Total abdominal hysterectomy, bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy.
From the pulmonary point of view nothing more can be done and no further intervention can be provided.
2) Cardiology: Patient has a history of atrial fibrillation and was in atrial fibrillation during her hospital course but was rate controlled.
However, patient was also on Procardia for her hypotension and her blood pressure appeared to be well controlled with Procardia 20 mg p.o.
3) Infectious disease:  Patient did not have post obstructive pneumonia and was started on ceftazidime 1 gram intravenous q 12 hours and Levaquin 250 mg intravenous q 24 hours.
At that time her groin line was pulled and was sent for culture and patient was started on Vancomycin 1 gram intravenous q 12.
4) Gastrointestinal:  Patient's diet is consist of pureed honey thick liquids and is to be advanced as tolerated.
Status post stent placement to her bronchus to         relieve some obstruction.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  1) Procardia 20 mg p.o.
t.i.d., 2) senna 1 tablet p.o.
p.r.n., 3) Dulcolax 10 mg p.o./p.r.
p.r.n., 4) Colace 100 mg p.o.
5) Tylenol 325 mg p.o.
q 4 to 6 hours p.r.n., 6) Albuterol 1 to 2 puffs inhaler q 6 hours p.r.n., 7) Atrovent 2 puffs inhaler q.i.d., 8) morphine 1 to 2 mg intravenous q 4 to 6 hours p.r.n., 9) Please see page 1 for her other medications.
