The patient was given one unit of packed red blood cells.
It was recommended that the patient be placed on a beta blocker and transferred to the Intensive Care Unit for monitoring.
Right tibiotalar fusion with open reduction/internal fixation.
Pilocarpine and Betagan eyedrops.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Iron sulfate 325 mg by mouth once  per day.
Tums 500 mg by mouth three times per day.
Electrocardiogram #2 revealed a normal sinus rhythm, left atrial enlargement, normal axis and intervals, resolution of ST changes and T wave inversions (this was after a transfusion with one unit of packed red blood cells).
They recommended continuing Lopressor for blood pressure and heart rate control as tolerated and continuing aspirin when the gastrointestinal bleeding resolved and hematocrit was stable.
They recommended not putting the patient on heparin or nitroglycerin.
They recommended no colonoscopy, serial hematocrit checks, and transfusions to keep the hematocrit above 30%, and iron sulfate.
They stated that it was okay to restart the aspirin while giving Protonix concurrently.
They also recommended sucralfate 1 g by mouth four times per day.
The patient was placed on telemetry, and her creatine kinases were cycled.
ANEMIA ISSUES:  In total, the patient was transfused with 3 units of packed red blood cells bringing her hematocrit to 35.9.
The patient was placed on beta blockers and aspirin.
The electrocardiogram changes resolved with volume repletion.
DIABETES MELLITUS ISSUES:  The patient was placed on an insulin sliding-scale and had fingerstick blood glucose levels within the range of normal limits for the majority of her stay.
Nevertheless, she was placed on a thickened liquid diet and monitored for signs of aspiration.
On [**2183-8-2**] the patient was still minimally verbal, and she was able to maintain her blood pressure despite being on captopril and metoprolol.
Tylenol 325 mg one to two tablets by mouth q.4-6h.
Pilocarpine 0.5% drops one drop both eyes q.8h.
Levobunolol 0.25% drops one drop both eyes twice per day.
Metoprolol 50-mg tablets 0.5 tablet by mouth twice per day.
Nitroglycerin 0.2-mg tablets one tablet sublingually as needed (up to three tablets).
Regular insulin (per insulin sliding-scale).
Ferrous sulfate 325 mg by mouth once per day.
Captopril 12.5-mg tablets 0.5 tablet by mouth three times per day.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Lansoprazole 30 mg by mouth once per day.
