The patient is status post right nephrectomy in [**2138-10-20**].
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Synthroid 100 mcg p.o.
On hospital day #3, the patient's oxygen saturation dropped to 88% on 10 L nasal cannula with stable blood pressure.
The patient was transferred to the MICU and intubated for hypoxemia with hemoptysis.
The patient subsequently underwent bronchoscopy with stenting of the bronchus intermediate and left mainstem   bronchus with Argon coagulation of right lower lobe tumor.
The patient tolerated the procedure well and was extubated on hospital day #4.
The patient was bolused with normal saline with good response.
The patient's hypotension was not responsive to 2.5 L normal saline fluid boluses, and the patient was started on Dopamine for blood pressure support.
The patient was started on intravenous Vancomycin, Ceftriaxone, and Flagyl for suspected postobstructive pneumonia versus aspiration pneumonia.
The patient was continued on intravenous antibiotics for a 10-day course.
The patient was started on steroids for adrenal insufficiency, and the patient's Synthroid dose was increased for central secondary hypothyroidism.
The patient was started on DDAVP for presumed diagnosis of diabetes insipidus.
On hospital day #11, Dopamine was weaned off, and the patient was extubated and transferred to the floor.
Oncology:  Neuro-Oncology was consulted regarding recommended treatment for brain mass noted on MRI.
Recommended surgical removal if prognosis was greater than one year, as radiation induced retinopathy or cranial neuropathy would appear at one year.
The patient was evaluated by Radiation Oncology and subsequently underwent five days of radiation treatment to right lung mass.
GI:  The patient had an NG tube with tube feeds on arrival to the floor.
The patient underwent video oropharyngeal swallow study which showed aspiration of thin liquids with spontaneous coughing.
The patient's NG tube was replaced with an NJ tube for comfort.
The patient went for placement of a JG tube.
It was uncertain if hyponatremia was from insufficient glucocorticoids or from her lung tumor.
The patient's Prednisone was increased from 7.5 mg to 10 mg q.d., and the patient was placed on a free water restriction with Sodium Chloride tablets 3 g q.d.
