Patient developed diffuse abdominal pain yesterday in the BMT unit and was mildly uncomfortable with tachypnea on exam.
Unchanged bibasilar atelectasis, extensive diffuse subcutaneous edema, and intra-abdominal pelvic ascites all with interval increasing severity.
She was transfused 2 units of packed red blood cells and 2 units of platelets.
She was started on a Lasix drip yesterday after running at positive for weeks.
Status post CVAD times 3 and status post APO induction (day number 57 of MUD-allo BMT transplant).
Cyclosporin drip.
Solu-Medrol 45 mg IV b.i.d.
Entocort 3 mg t.i.d.
Cefepime 2 grams IV b.i.d.
Caspofungin 50 mg IV q.d.
Ganciclovir 125 mg b.i.d.
Vancomycin 1 gram IV q.d.
G-CSF 480 mg subcutaneously q.d.
Lasix drip.
It was suggested that patient most likely had a severe esophagitis from her chemotherapy drugs.
She was maintained on Protonix twice daily until the decision was made to make the patient comfort measures only as described below.
Patient was intubated on the first hospital day for airway protection/aspiration.
She was requiring Flovent support.
Her Solu-Medrol was continued initially but then subsequently discontinued in anticipation for extubation.
Since her prognosis was so poor, cyclosporin was also held due to lack of access.
Given she was not on oral intake, her Ursodiol and Entocort were also held during the hospital course in the ICU.
Patient had coag negative staphylococcus, bacteremia, and positive CMV viremia, she was continued on cefepime 1 gram intravenous every day, renal dose caspofungin, ganciclovir, and foscarnet were discontinued since they were both nephrotoxic and patient would not be dialyzed.
The patient's admission weight was 200 pounds and now she was 330 pounds on admission despite thrice daily Lasix and Lasix drip.
Renal did consult initially but decided that they would not perform hemodialysis since it is unlikely to change the course of her medical condition and heparin would only cause further bleeding.
Patient was hyperkalemic during her hospital course and was given insulin and D50, but could not give Kayexalate since she was not on oral intake and parenteral Kayexalate could not be given since she was neutropenic.
Family was aware that patient may have a fatal arrhythmia with such high potassium (the team had spoken to the husband extensively) and no further electrolytes were checked during her hospital course after her high potassium was 6.8.
Patient was not on any anticoagulation given her thrombocytopenia.
Her steroids Ursodiol and Entocort were all discontinued secondary to poor prognosis and lack of access.
Patient was maintained on dopamine for blood pressure support and remained on this medication during her entire hospital stay until the family decided to extubate the patient and make her comfort measures only.
Patient had encephalopathy secondary to uremia and medications including narcotics and benzodiazapine.
Patient was then sedated after her intubation and had no further issues regarding this.
Patient was maintained on nothing by mouth status given her severe mucositis and had numerous electrolyte abnormalities given uremia and anuric and that no dialysis was indicated per the renal team, number 14 code.
Patient remained indicated for several days and eventually the family decided to extubate the patient and make her comfort measures only.
Her fentanyl drip was increased and patient expired in the early afternoon.
