Closure of the abdominal donor site   History of Present Illness: The patient is a 63-year-old woman with a history of right breast cancer who is interested in bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction.
FH:  Breast cancer in mother and a maternal aunt, stroke, depression, and heart disease.
PSH:  Includes an ovarian cyst resection and appendectomy.
Family History: FH:  Breast cancer in mother and a maternal aunt, stroke, depression, and heart disease.
She has an infraumbilical volume to create two A-cup size breasts.
The patient tolerated the procedure well.
Neuro: Post-operatively, the patient received Dilaudid IV/PCA with good effect and adequate pain control.
When tolerating oral intake, the patient was transitioned to oral pain medications.
GI/GU: Post-operatively, the patient was given IV fluids until tolerating oral intake.
She was also started on a bowel regimen to encourage bowel movement.
Foley was removed on POD#1.
ID: Post-operatively, the patient was started on IV cefazolin, then switched to PO cephalexin on discharge.
Prophylaxis: The patient received subcutaneous heparin during this stay, and was encouraged to get up and ambulate as early as possible.
Medications on Admission:   Effexor and pravastatin  Discharge Medications: 1. aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: 1.5 Tablet, Chewables PO DAILY (Daily).
2. docusate sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day) for 2 weeks: continue while taking narcotic pain medication.
3. venlafaxine 75 mg Capsule, Ext Release 24 hr Sig: Three (3) Capsule, Ext Release 24 hr PO DAILY (Daily).
4. acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO every six (6) hours as needed for pain.
5. hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) as needed for pain for 2 weeks: do not drive or drink alcohol while taking this medication.
Keflex 500 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO twice a day for 2 weeks.
Strip drain tubing, empty bulb(s), and record output(s) [**1-8**] times per day.
A written record of the daily output from each drain should be brought to every follow-up appointment.
your drains will be removed as soon as possible when the daily output tapers off to an acceptable amount.
Avoid caffeine and chocolate.
Resume your regular medications unless instructed otherwise and take any new meds as ordered .
Take Aspirin, 120 mg by mouth once daily, for 30 days after surgery.
You may take your prescribed pain medication for moderate to severe pain.
You may switch to Tylenol or Extra Strength Tylenol for mild pain as directed on the packaging.
Please note that Percocet and Vicodin have Tylenol as an active ingredient so do not take these meds with additional Tylenol.
Take prescription pain medications for pain not relieved by tylenol.
Take your antibiotic as prescribed.
Take Colace, 100 mg by mouth 2 times per day, while taking the prescription pain medication.
You may use a different over-the-counter stool softerner if you wish.
You may have constipation when taking narcotic pain medications (oxycodone, percocet, vicodin, hydrocodone, dilaudid, etc.
DRAIN DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS You are being discharged with drains in place.
Drain care is a clean procedure.
Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and warm water before performing drain care.
Reestablish drain suction.
