The blood pressure was checked by her school nurse during one of these episodes, and her blood pressure was elevated to 190/120.
phenoxybenzamine and nifedipine with partial resolution of her palpitations and headaches.
A 24-hour catecholamine study revealed elevated normetaepinephrine of 493 and elevated combined metanephrine and normetanephrine of 633.
Levothyroxine 50 mcg q day.
Phenoxybenzamine 10 mg b.i.d.
Nifedipine 30 mg q day.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted on [**2112-1-14**] and underwent a laparoscopic right-sided adrenalectomy.
The patient tolerated the procedure well and there were no immediate postoperative complications.
The patient's pain was well controlled with intravenous morphine.
The patient was continued on intravenous fluids for hydration, and the patient's hematocrit and creatinine were stable and normal.
On postoperative day one, the patient was continued on NPO status, and the patient's diltiazem was continued, but her alpha adrenergic blockers were discontinued.
The patient was transferred to the Intensive Care Unit and was intubated for better oxygenation.
The patient was started on levofloxacin and Flagyl for possible pneumonia.
By postoperative day three, the patient had improved O2 saturations overnight, and her blood pressures were well controlled on nifedipine.
The patient was continued on levofloxacin and Flagyl, and a follow-up chest x-ray also showed only slight improvement on the left side.
A chest x-ray also showed some improvement and Pulmonary consult recommended starting on systemic steroids, as well as inhaled steroids.
The patient was continued on Solu-Medrol 60 mg q eight which was eventually tapered.
On postoperative day six, the patient was weaned off her O2, and her O2 saturations remained above 90%.
The Foley was discontinued and the patient was encouraged to ambulate t.i.d.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Percocet 5/325 mg tablets, 1-2 tablets p.o.
Levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.
Flagyl 500 mg p.o.
Prednisone 20 mg q day.
Prednisone 10 mg q day after finishing 20 mg dose.
Synthroid 50 mcg q day.
Albuterol and Atrovent inhalers.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Pheochromocytoma, status post laparoscopic right adrenalectomy.
