A common bile duct stent was put in at that time and sphincterotomy was done.
Calcium, magnesium, and phosphorus were 8.8, 2.0, and 2.9 respectively.
The patient was started on Unasyn because she was suspected to have cholangitis.
Patient was started on Unasyn and was emergently taken for EGD and decompression of the biliary system.
Patient underwent emergent decompression of biliary system by PTCA and drainage, which showed a mild stricture of the common bile duct and the common hepatic duct with dilatation at the distal ducts.
After receiving the right PTC tube, the patient became tachycardic and hypertensive, and received volume resuscitation, and was transferred to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit.
The patient was initially resuscitated with crystalloid and Neo-Synephrine at 4 mcg/kg/minute.
Patient was intubated to protect the airway, and patient was resuscitated in the first six hours receiving total input of 7.2 liters including two units of packed red blood cells.
Patient was continued on Unasyn and received additional gentamicin.
On hospital day three, patient was successfully extubated, and received an additional 2 units of packed red blood cells.
On hospital day four, the patient received three additional units of packed red blood cells, and underwent a repeat EGD which showed oozing at the sphincterotomy site.
Patient was maintained with crystalloid resuscitation.
On hospital day seven, the patient underwent left sided PTC and drainage without any complication, and continued to recover on the floor.
Patient was switched to Cipro 500 mg po bid on hospital day 16, postoperative day three, but patient was not tolerating clears.
Patient underwent evaluation postoperative ileus and narcotic induced nausea.
Bile cultures on hospital day 18, postoperative day five came back with Cipro resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Serratia marcescens, which was resistant to tobramycin and intermediate resistant to gentamicin.
Patient was made strict NPO, and patient received a PICC line for use with home TPN.
Status post open cholecystectomy, common bile duct exploration, choledochoscopy, Roux-en-Y side-to-side hepaticojejunostomy, and biopsy.
Fentanyl 5 mcg/hour patch q72h topical.
Scopolamine 1.5 mg/72h topical patch q72h.
Zofran 1-2 mg IV q6h prn.
Reglan 10 mg IV q6h for nausea.
Ativan 0.5 mg q4h prn.
Protonix 40 mg q12 IV.
