For hypoxic respiratory failure, the patient continued on a 50% face mask.
The patient was also maintained on vancomycin, Zosyn, and Flagyl until she completed a 14-day course; which she completed prior to discharge.
She was started on a beta blocker at 12.5 mg twice per day for tachycardia.
The patient was started on heparin and Coumadin.
The patient was to be continued on heparin drip at 1100 units per hour as well as Coumadin until her INR is greater than 2.
For pain, the patient was maintained on a Fentanyl patch which was increased to 125 mcg q.72h.
Her MS04 intravenous was discontinued, and the patient was continued on morphine sulfate immediate release at 30 mg one by mouth q.6h.
For fluids/electrolytes/nutrition, the patient was continued on total parenteral nutrition and full liquids.
For prophylaxis, the patient was maintained on heparin, and Coumadin, proton pump inhibitor, and a bowel regimen.
It should be noted that the patient has a transfusion reaction to blood and should be given Benadryl prior all blood transfusions.
The patient should have her electrolytes and complete blood count checked regularly as she needed transfusions and will be on total parenteral nutrition.
The patient's diet should be advanced as tolerated so that she can get off total parenteral nutrition if at all possible.
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE:  (The patient's medications on discharge included)  1.
Ipratropium nebulizers 1 q.6h.
Albuterol nebulizers 1 q.4h.
Albuterol nebulizers 1 q.4h.
Methylphenidate 5 mg one by mouth in the morning.
Morphine sulfate 30 mg one by mouth q.6h.
Pantoprazole 40 mg one by mouth once per day.
Metoprolol 12.5 mg one by mouth twice per day (to be advanced as tolerated).
Senna 8.5-mg tablets one tablet by mouth twice per day as needed.
Bisacodyl 5-mg tablets two tablets by mouth once per day as needed.
Docusate 100 mg one by mouth twice per day as needed.
Coumadin 5 mg one by mouth at hour of sleep (to be adjusted based on INR).
Lorazepam 0.5-mg tablets one tablet by mouth q.4-6h.
Fentanyl patch 125-mcg transdermal patch q.72h.
Zofran 4-mg tablets one tablet by mouth q.4-6h.
Heparin drip at 1100 units per hour until INR greater than 2.
Benadryl 25-mg tablets one tablet by mouth prior to transfusion of blood products.
