HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 63-year-old male with a history of renal cell carcinoma, status post nephrectomy, alcoholic cirrhosis, right MCA cerebrovascular accident with dense left hemiplegia.
In the emergency room, the patient received Narcan with good effect, but the patient remained somnolent with withdrawal to painful stimuli on the right side.
The patient was started on Levofloxacin, Flagyl, and Vancomycin.
The patient was treated with IV fluids and Lasix and the calcium subsequently decreased into the low 10s.
Status post right hip arthroplasty.
Status post retinal artery occlusion.
Insulin 5 units subcutaneously q.a.m.
and regular insulin sliding scale.
NPH 30 units q.a.m.
Dilantin 200 mg b.i.d.
Neurontin 200 mg t.i.d.
Zantac 150 mg q.d.
Levofloxacin 500 mg q.d.
Thiamine 100 mg q.d.
Folate 1 mg q.d.
Duragesic patch 15 mcg q.72 hours.
Hydrochlorothiazide 25 mg q.d.
Zinc sulfate 220 mg q.d.
Vitamin C.  ALLERGIES:  The patient has no known drug allergies.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  This is a 63-year-old man with a history of renal-cell carcinoma, alcoholic cirrhosis, status post right MCA, cerebrovascular accident with dense left hemiparesis, nursing home resident, who presents with change in mental status, fevers, and recently transferred from the Intensive Care Unit with workup, which likely revealed hepatocellular carcinoma, probable portal vein thrombosis and hypercalcemia.
The patient was treated initially with Floxin, Flagyl, and Vancomycin.
Cultures are pending at the time of this dictation and antibiotics will be further titrated as the cultures return.
As described in the history of present illness, the patient and the patient's family has agreed to make the patient a DNR/DNI with pain management their primary concern.
The patient was treated with IV fluids, Lasix, and the patient's calcium decreased to the low 10s.
The patient continued to receive IV fluids and Lasix as needed to bring down the calcium to within normal limits.
It is felt that the patient's change of mental status was likely secondary to multiple factors including hypercalcemia, seizure disorder, increased narcotics, infection including pneumonia.
The patient was treatment with Lactulose p.r.n.
The patient was reloaded on Dilantin as his initial level was low.
The [**Hospital 228**] medical status actually improved dramatically as the calcium began to decrease back to normal, as well as after a few days of antibiotic therapy.
Status post right CVA with dense left hemiplegia.
