He had a chest tube placed during hospital course.
Chest tube was placed during this hospital course.
The chest tube was discontinued shortly afterwards after discovery that it was misplaced.
A renal consult was obtained for an increasing BUN and creatinine.
Heart Failure Service was consulted and recommended transfer to CCU for aggressive diuresis, pressor support and Swan-Ganz placement.
While on the floor the patient was started on Levofloxacin and Vancomycin prior to transfer to CCU.
Coronary artery disease status post coronary artery bypass graft in [**2123**], four vessel disease, LIMA to LAD, SVG to D2, SVG to circumflex and SVG to PDA.
Metoprolol 25 mg p.o.
Levofloxacin 250 mg p.o.
Vancomycin 1 gram IV dosed by levels.
HEART FAILURE:  Patient required pressor support with Dopamine and eventually Norepinephrine as a bridge for dialysis.
After dialysis, the patient's heart function eventually improved and he was able to be weaned off all pressures.
The patient was known to have severe coronary artery disease and was kept on aspirin and Lipitor throughout hospital course.
Patient's mental status and renal function improved after a session of dialysis, however patient refused further dialysis sessions as he thought it would be a new chronic management that he would need.
Pulmonary function did improve after dialysis and removal of fluid.
The patient was kept on Vancomycin therapy until the end of hospital course.
with regular insulin sliding scale until he changed his code status later in hospital course.
CODE STATUS:  Patient and patient's family initially wanted "everything done", however after a session of dialysis and a clearing of mental status, the patient and patient's family were extensively counseled in what lay probably in his medical future in terms of his extremely grim prognosis given his multiple medical conditions.
All non-necessary medications were discontinued.
The patient was kept only on comfort medications such as Morphine, Scopolamine patch.
