The patient has been on Augmentin 375 mg b.i.d.
Metastatic thyroid cancer, status post resection and radiation.
Synthroid .175 mg q. day.
Catapres .1 mg b.i.d.
Glucophage 500 mg b.i.d.
Baclofen 20 mg t.i.d.
K-Dur 20 mEq q. PM.
Quinine 325 mg b.i.d.
Coumadin 5 mg alternating with 6 mg each day.
Protonix 40 mg q. day.
Celexa 40 mg q. day.
Vioxx 50 mg q. PM.
Amitriptyline 20 mg q.h.s.
Zanaflex 1 mg t.i.d.
Lisinopril 40 mg b.i.d.
Klonopin .5 mg q.h.s.
Colace 100 mg t.i.d.
Nubain 10 to 30 mg q.
Humulin sliding scale.
Trazodone 150 mg q.h.s.
MiraLax 2 capsules prn.
On admission she was started on Vancomycin, Levaquin and Flagyl for broad coverage.
In order to more specifically cover, the patient's antibiotics were changed to Oxacillin and Ceftriaxone.
Her Coumadin was discontinued and once her INR had decreased close to baseline, she was taken to the Operating Room for hardware removal.
Postoperatively the patient is stable on Oxacillin and Ceftriaxone until two days after the operation.
Then due to concern for pneumonia her antibiotic coverage was changed to Zosyn and Vancomycin.
Her right lower extremity was in a vacuum-assisted closure dressing and continued to improve, healing by secondary intention.
There is also question of a right lower lobe infiltrate on the chest x-ray, so Azithromycin was initially added to her regimen of Ceftriaxone and Oxacillin.
At this point, due to concern for pneumonia and respiratory compromise, the patient's antibiotic coverage was changed to Vancomycin and Zosyn and she was transferred to the Intensive Care Unit for closer monitoring.
She was continued on Zosyn and Vancomycin and a sputum culture was obtained.
Once the sputum culture was negative for any bacteria and there was no evidence of Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus her Vancomycin was discontinued.
She was continued on Zosyn for treatment of possible aspiration pneumonia and for her cellulitis.
Congestive heart failure - The patient required Lasix intermittently for mild hypoxia and crackles on lung examination indicative of congestive heart failure.
She was also on Zestril 20 mg b.i.d.
Her blood pressure was labile but was controlled with Catapres, Lopressor, and Zestril.
Anticoagulation - The patient's Coumadin was discontinued as was previously mentioned in order to be taken to the Operating Room.
While off Coumadin the patient was on a heparin drip for her history of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism.
Once it was decided that no further procedures would be done by Podiatry she was restarted on Coumadin.
Her heparin drip was continued until her INR would be in the goal range of 2 to 3.
Chronic back pain - The patient had chronic back for which she had been on Nubain at home.
While in the hospital she was started on a morphine PCA.
Initially there was no basal rate, however, the patient was not using the PCA and therefore basal rate was added.
Plan was for the patient to have a morphine placed by Neurosurgery once her active acute issues are cleared.
She was also on Baclofen, Tizanidine and Vioxx for her pain.
Psyche - The patient was on Celexa and Klonopin.
For now, she will be on a soft diet with frequent liquids when eating.
Anemia - The patient has a history of chronic anemia requiring blood transfusions.
The patient was given blood transfusions as needed to maintain her hematocrit greater than 30, given her history of congestive heart failure.
Diabetes Type 2 - The patient was continued on a sliding scale of insulin.
Her Metformin was held when she was not eating.
