The pathology was confirmed of gastric adenocarcinoma for which she was admitted for this hospital course to undergo a subtotal gastrectomy.
MEDICATIONS:  Glucophage 500 q.d., glyburide 5 b.i.d., Prilosec 20 b.i.d., meclizine 12.5 q.i.d., Lipitor, Accupril 10 q.d., allopurinol 100 b.i.d.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  On [**2140-6-8**], the patient underwent a subtotal gastrectomy with Billroth II gastrojejunostomy.
Postoperatively, patient was transferred to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for management of blood pressure and diabetes.
Her blood pressure had been as high as 210/108 and she had received two units of packed red blood cells in the surgery.
Therefore, in the Medical Intensive Care Unit, patient required a nitro drip for her elevated blood pressures which was able to bring her blood pressures down to 130s/60s.
In terms of her anemia, her hematocrit was stable status post the intraoperative transfusion remaining at 32.6.
On postoperative day number two, patient was able to be transferred to the floor with blood pressure well-controlled, off of the nitro drip, Lopressor and enalapril intravenously.
Her nasogastric tube remained in place and she was NPO with intravenous fluids running for maintenance.
On the evening of postoperative day number four, the resident was called to see the patient secondary to palpitations in her chest.
In terms of her blood pressure, it remained in the 140s/70s with Lopressor and enalapril intravenously and the addition of hydralazine.
On postoperative day number six, the nasogastric tube had been removed.
On postoperative day number seven, she was tolerating clears and we were able to advance her diet to post gastrectomy regular diet.
We switched her over to po antihypertensives, Accupril 10 q.d., Lopressor 50 t.i.d.
She was ready for discharge on postoperative day number eight, tolerating a regular post gastrectomy diet, voiding on her own with pain well-controlled and blood pressure well-controlled.
Staples were removed and Steri Strips replaced.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  All the same except we have added Lopressor 50 mg po t.i.d.
