Despite a known right lower quadrant infectious    process and a known gram-negative rod bacteremia, the    decision was to proceed with the mismatched allogenic bone    marrow transplant.
Day 0 of her transplant was on [**2174-5-17**].
She was treated with broad-spectrum antibiotics including Flagyl, voriconazole, meropenum, vancomycin, ciprofloxacin, and at times aztreonam and gentamicin as well.
For most of her course, she continued to spike with these antibiotics, and it was believed that this is the source of her bacteremia, rods in her blood.
Around this time, there was increased pain and she was followed closely, however, at no time there was indication for surgical intervention.
Upon recovery of her counts, she had decreased pain as well as decreased fevers (although she was on high-dose steroids at this time as well), and hope was that with an intact immune system, she would avoid the need for surgical intervention.
At the time of this dictation, she has been treated with Zosyn, aztreonam, and Flagyl.
She    continued to have positive cultures despite the multiple    antibiotics listed above.
She has    been followed with surveillance cultures.
A trial with Lasix was    unsuccessful causing brief transient hypotension.
Treated with high-dose steroids at 200 mg b.i.d.
Because of this respiratory failure, was felt to be due to    CHF as echocardiogram revealed a new global hypokinesis,    an EF of 25 percent plus/minus engraftment syndrome    causing capillary leak as this occurred in the setting of    recovery of her counts as well as plus/minus diffuse    alveolar hemorrhage.
For this reason, the patient was diuresed aggressively, treated with high-dose steroids and transfused to keep her platelets greater than 50,000 to avoid bleeding.
Over the next few days with continued weaning of her steroids and continued diuresis, patient was able to wean to room air.
This is felt to be secondary to her transplant due to    cytokine release and the feeling that this would recover    in time.
She was treated with afterload reduction with    low-dose ACE inhibitor as well as Lasix as needed.
This    occurred in the setting of a high cyclosporin level as    well as while being on medications such as AmBisome and    gentamicin, so was therefore to be multifactorial.
These    medications were stopped and cyclosporin dose was    decreased, and patient's creatinine stabilized, and has    slowly decreased to 1.0, which is still above her    baseline.
Patient was maintained on TPN and kept NPO except    for sips.
The remainder of this discharge summary including the discharge diagnoses, discharge medications will be dictated in the future as part of an addendum to this discharge summary.
