The patient was then intubated and started on propofol drip and required increased sedation due to agitation while on ventilator.
On [**2128-5-11**] he was started on tube feeds and increased abdominal distention was noted.
The patient continued to have some difficulty oxygenating and was noted to have increased sputum secretions requiring frequent suctioning.
The patient's sputum grew out methicillin sensitive staph aureus and he was started on cefazolin.
Bronchoscopy was then performed showing compression of the right main stem bronchus and malposition of the endotracheal tube against the lateral wall of the trachea.
Propofol was discontinued and the patient was loaded on phosphofenatoin.
Patient underwent bronchoscopy and brushings were sent for cytology.
The patient then underwent rigid bronchoscopy the following day and a stent was placed to his right main stem bronchus.
The following day he did well and was weaned off BiPAP without any difficulties.
He was seen by Speech and Swallow for evaluate for aspiration and he did relatively well with thin liquids.
He was started on a diltiazem drip as he was tolerating POs.
He was then transitioned to Lopressor and hydralazine.
At time of discharge his regimen was changed again to nifedipine and Lopressor.
The patient completed a course of cefazolin and this medication was discontinued.
Thus he was started on Vancomycin and Zosyn.
This responded to intravenous fluids and was likely secondary to dehydration.
Access:  The patient had a right internal jugular at time of presentation.
Gastrointestinal:  The patient was transiently started on tube feeds.
The patient did not have a bowel movement during his hospital stay although he was on Senna and Colace.
Neurologic:  The patient was maintained on gabapentin during his hospitalization.
Vancomycin 1 gram q 24 hours.
Metoprolol 50 mg t.i.d.
Zosyn 2.25 mg intravenous q six hours.
Metronidazole 500 mg intravenous q 8 hours.
Atorvastatin 20 mg P.O.
Gabapentin 100 mg P.O.
Heparin subcutaneous 500,000 units subcutaneously q 12    hours.
Senna 1 tablet P.O.
Senna 1 tablet P.O.
Docusate 100 mg P.O.
Tylenol p.r.n.
