In the Emergency Room, the patient's oxygen saturation was in the high 80s, improved with nine liters oxygen via nasal cannula.
The patient was given three liters of intravenous fluids, 100 mg of intravenous hydrocortisone for a history of hypopituitarism, 2 grams of ceftriaxone times one and 1 gram of vancomycin.
Panhypopituitarism secondary to meningioma resection, status post radiation therapy in [**2142**].
History of aspiration pneumoniae, patient on thick liquid diet.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Prednisone 5 mg p.o.q.d., regular insulin sliding scale, Lasix 20 mg p.o.q.d., levothyroxine 0.088 mg p.o.q.d., ranitidine 150 mg p.o.b.i.d.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On physical examination, the patient had a temperature of 100, blood pressure 84/60, heart rate 78, respiratory rate 24 and oxygen saturation 94% on four liters nasal cannula.
General:  Somnolent but arousable to voice, pale elderly female.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat:  Dry mucous membranes with thick oral secretions, right pupil reactive to light, left cornea passive.
Cerebrospinal fluid:  2 white blood cells, no red blood cells, protein 48, glucose 77.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient received intravenous fluids for hypernatremia and stress dosed steroids for hypotension believed to be secondary to hypopituitarism and adrenal insufficiency.
She was covered for aspiration pneumonia with levofloxacin and Flagyl.
A vasopressin  drip was started for hypotension and discontinued soon after.
After the vasopressin test was performed, the patient had a positive response to subcutaneous vasopressin administration.
She was diagnosed with partial central diabetes insipidus and was started on nasal vasopressin daily per endocrine recommendations.
The endocrine consult also recommended that the nursing home should check daily weights, input and output and weekly electrolytes as well as urine and plasma osmolalities to monitor the efficacy of DDAVP treatment for partial central diabetes insipidus.
Dermatology recommended a biopsy of the abdominal lesion and treatment with Lidex cream.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: Protonix 40 mg p.o.q.d.
Levothyroxine 0.05 mg p.o.q.d.
Prednisone 5 mg p.o.q.d.
Tylenol 650 mg p.o.q.4-6h.p.r.n.
