At the OSH, she was treated with her home meds as well as fentanyl and percocet for pain.
Of note, she had bilateral cataract surgery ~10 years ago according to her family.
Past Medical History: PMH: PAF/flutter since [**11/2188**] Hypothyroidism GERD B12 deficiency h/o colon CA(details unknown, pt not able to tell me) Osteoporosis with several T and L vertebral compression fractures(T10, T12, L1) s/p right hip fracture/repair untreated papillary transitional cell bladder CA(not pursuing w/u)   Social History: No EtOH or smoking.
Patient's anisocoria was thought to be secondary to cataract surgery though primary physician did not have this documented.
On HOD #2 night, it was noted that patient was very agitated and aggressive and she required Haldol after pulling out IV.
Once transferred to the floor, the patient was oriented to person and situation but not place or time.
- Workup for dementia, including B12, folate, and TSH were normal.
- Physical therapy evaluated the patient and recommended a rehab setting for further PT.
The patient uses a walker at baseline.
She did not require any rate controlling medications after her initial presentation.
ASA 81 Ca+D Actonel 5 mg daily Protonix 40 Synthroid 100 mcg(down from 125 recently) B12 Astelin nasal tid prn -- at OSH also: Fentanyl 25 mcg prn Percocet prn SQ hep q12h Ativan hs prn Ambien 5 hs prn Tylenol   Discharge Medications: 1.
Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO BID (2 times a day) as needed for constipation.
Levothyroxine 100 mcg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Aspirin 81 mg Tablet, Chewable Sig: One (1) Tablet, Chewable PO DAILY (Daily).
Actonel 5 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO once a day.
Pantoprazole 40 mg Tablet, Delayed Release (E.C.)
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day).
Azelastine 137 mcg Aerosol, Spray Sig: One (1) spray to each nostril Nasal three times a day as needed for congestion.
Cyanocobalamin 100 mcg Tablet Sig: 0.5 Tablet PO DAILY (Daily).
Secondary: Hypothyroidism Vitamin B12 deficiency Gastroesophageal reflux disease History of colon cancer Osteoporosis with compression fractures Untreated papillary transitional cell bladder cancer   Discharge Condition: Afebrile, hemodynamically stable, comfortable on room air   Discharge Instructions: Please take your medications as prescribed.
