She came to the Emergency Department because of weakness and was found to have an oxygen saturation down to the 70s, which responded to supplemental oxygen and nebulizers.
She received a fluid bolus of 500 mL which increased her blood pressure up to the mid 90s.
She received levofloxacin, albuterol nebulizers, and Solu-Medrol.
Flovent 2 puffs inhaled b.i.d.
Albuterol 2 puffs in house q.4-6h.
Levothyroxine 75 mcg p.o.
Azithromycin 250 mg p.o.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Temperature was afebrile, heart rate was 110, blood pressure was 110/48, respiratory rate was 24, and pulse oximetry was 100% on 6 liters via nasal cannula and 100% on nonrebreather mask.
In the Intensive Care Unit, the patient continued to receive intravenous fluids and levofloxacin for her pneumonia.
Oxygen saturation was 98% on 2 liters via nasal cannula.
At that point, the patient was switched over to penicillin V intravenously 10 MU q.4h.
The patient also received chest physical therapy and supplemental oxygen as needed.
The patient remained afebrile while on penicillin V and did not appear toxic.
However, she did continue to require significant supplemental oxygen and desaturated down the low 80s on room air while walking.
She had some relief from albuterol and Atrovent nebulizer treatments.
On this chest computerized axial tomography scan with contrast, a large intraluminal lesion was seen in the lower trachea carina and proximal main stem bronchi which was continuous with precarinal lymph node.
The patient was evaluated by Thoracic Surgery in house.
Followup for her was arranged with them for a possible surgery and radiation to the area in the future.
Later on in the hospital course, the patient did have a desaturation down to 80% on room air; at which point, given her history of tumor and pneumonia, the question was brought into whether she was having a hypercoagulable state and could have been experiencing a pulmonary embolism to account for her desaturation.
The computed tomography also revealed new secretions interrupting the airway and the right lower lobe bronchi; and this was brought to the attention of the Interventional Pulmonology team who teamed that the patient was young enough and healthy enough to move these secretions on her own without further bronchoscopy.
Levothyroxine was continued during her hospital course.
The patient was evaluated by Interventional Pulmonology, Hematology/Oncology, and Thoracic Surgery teams who deemed the patient should be followed as an outpatient for further eventual surgery with radiation to the field.
Penicillin V 500 mg p.o.
Levothyroxine 75 mcg p.o.
Flovent 110 mcg 2 puffs inhaled b.i.d.
The patient with a follow-up appointment with Hematology/Oncology as well as Thoracic Surgery and Radiation Oncology on [**2166-3-27**].
