The patient was noted to have ST elevations with her rapid rate which cleared when her rate was adequately controlled with beta-blockers.
This is a known response in the patient to administration of beta-blockers.
In the CCU she was diuresed with resolution of respiratory distress, CKMB fraction was positive but Troponin I was negative.
She was initially started on Heparin but this was stopped due to the feeling that she was likely not suffering infarction.
ALLERGIES:  Penicillin and Codeine.
Protonics 40 mg p.o.
Fentanyl intravenous p.r.n.
Captopril 6.25 mg three times a day.
Aspirin 325 mg q day.
Levoxyl 100 mcg p.o.
Cefrolucas 20 mg p.o.
Isordil 40 mg p.o.
Zestril 10 mg p.o.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Lasix 10 mg p.o.
Flexeril 20 mg p.o.
Zyprexa 2.5 mg q h.s.
There was an initial concern for cardiac ischemia with the elevated CKMB fraction in the absence of Troponin I elevation.
She was seen by covering physicians for her primary care cardiologist Dr. [**First Name (STitle) 1104**] and decision was made not to pursue further interventions or workup at this time.
Initially her rate which was very rapid and probably precipitated her decompensation was controlled with beta-blockers.
Congestive heart failure that she initially suffered secondary to her rapid rate was thought to be from flash pulmonary edema, responded well to diuresis at the time of this dictation she is sating well on room air and able to ambulate comfortably without desaturation.
This did not change even with aggressive diuresis following her pulmonary edema.
She was continued on her asthma medications while in house using our formulary substitutions, Montolucast, Betamethasone, Albuterol MDI.
Their recommendations were that she could return home but would require home physical therapy to increase her functional mobility balance and endurance.
The patient does have baseline anemia and given her enzyme leak she was transfused with one unit of packed red blood cells for a hematocrit of 28.7.
DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  As upon admission with the addition of Lisinopril 10 mg p.o.
