Colon cancer, status post resection with ostomy.
Prostate cancer - status post radiation therapy.
Status post right hip repair.
Status post right inguinal hernia repair.
Coronary artery disease - status post coronary artery    bypass grafting x4.
Colon cancer, status post resection with ostomy.
Prostate cancer - status post radiation therapy.
Status post right hip repair.
Status post right inguinal hernia repair.
He subsequently underwent cardiac catheterization which was significant for three vessel coronary artery disease and he was therefore scheduled for coronary artery bypass grafting.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted on [**2154-4-29**] and underwent coronary artery bypass grafting x4.
His grafts included a left internal mammary artery to left anterior descending coronary artery, saphenous vein graft to diagonal, saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal, saphenous vein graft to posterior descending coronary artery.
Cardiopulmonary bypass time was 74 minutes with a crossclamp time of 62 minutes.
On postoperative day #1 beta blockage was started as was gentle diuresis and he was subsequently transferred to the floor in stable condition with routine postoperative management for advancement of diet.
We continued to diurese the patient aggressively with Lasix as he was up about 7 to 8 kilograms from his preoperative weight.
He notably did have an episode of atrial fibrillation which was limited on postoperative day #2 with reversion to sinus rhythm almost immediately with some supplemental beta blockade.
His epicardial wires had been removed as had his chest tubes by postoperative day #3.
Notably patient's hematocrit had drifted down to 24 but as he was asymptomatic and otherwise hemodynamically normal and making excellent urine it was decided not to transfuse him and he was given iron supplements and ascorbic acid.
He was to be seen in the wound clinic in two weeks for routine sternal evaluation.
He was sent home on the following medications: Lopressor 25 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Lasix 20 mg p.o.
once daily for two weeks, potassium chloride 20 mEq p.o.
once daily for two weeks, Colace, aspirin 81 mg p.o.
once a day, Percocet, Lipitor 20 mg p.o.
once a day, multivitamin, iron 150 mg p.o.
once daily, vitamin C 500 mg p.o.
