Here he had two bronchial stents placed in the left main bronchus and one in the right bronchus intermedius.
Tracheostomy was also performed.
During the past ten days of his hospitalization, his respiratory status has improved and his ventilator PEEP was weaned from 10 to 5 and his FIO2 decreased from 60 to 40 and was able to maintain good oxygenation.
He had several tries of pressure support, 10 down from 15, but he would tire shortly after pressure support was decreased.
He received a three week course of Ceptaz, Flagyl and Vancomycin for empiric treatment of pneumonia.
He finished his antibiotic course [**2169-3-14**].
Goals in rehabilitation are to wean down his pressure support as tolerated.
History of deep vein thrombosis - He is kept on Lovenox 80 mg twice a day in house.
Rate agents are Lopressor 50 mg p.o.
three times a day and Digoxin 0.125 mg p.o.
He has been receiving 20 mg of Lasix intravenously while here in addition to Lopressor and Digoxin as mentioned above.
He required very minimal insulin coverage.
He should not need insulin coverage at rehabilitation.
Nutrition - Percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube was placed.
Tube feeds are at goal.
Oncology team evaluated the situation and unfortunately felt that given his refractory and progressive nature of disease, as well as his severe debilitation that he is not a candidate for further treatment.
Other - He has not required any sedation while on the ventilator.
He is able to converse minimally with staff and is fully aware of his surroundings.
Lopressor 50 mg three times a day.
Digoxin 0.125 mg once daily.
Lovenox 80 mg subcutaneous twice a day.
Lasix 20 mg intravenously twice a day.
Lansoprazole Suspension 30 mg once daily.
Albuterol and Atrovent nebulizer and inhalers four puffs q4hours.
Fluticasone inhaler 110 mcg four puffs twice a day.
Ativan 0.5 mg p.o.
Ambien 5 mg q.h.s.
Heparin flushes of PICC 100 units/ml 2 mg intravenously once daily; 10ml normal saline followed by 2ml of 100 units/ml Heparin, each lumen once daily and p.r.n.
