HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a very pleasant 80-year-old gentleman with recurrent colon cancer, type 2 diabetes mellitus, status post a previous colectomy for colon cancer.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  His hospital prior to admission included Glyburide, metformin, atenolol, and eyedrops.
HOSPITAL COURSE BY ISSUE/SYSTEM:   The patient was taken to the operating room on [**2132-7-28**]; at which time and uncomplicated subtotal colectomy was performed.
At that time, he had four liters of crystalloid in and estimated blood loss of approximately 200 cc.
The patient was hypertensive in the Postanesthesia Care Unit and required a Nipride drip.
He also had ST changes on his electrocardiogram requiring a rule out protocol for a myocardial infarction.
The patient required reintubation in the Surgical Intensive Care Unit.
During his hospitalization he also required a Quinton catheter in the right groin for hemodialysis.
He also had a Swan-Ganz catheter for the first five days postoperatively to assess his fluid status and manage his blood pressure medications.
During his Intensive Care Unit stay, he also required multiple pressors during the initial 10 to 14 days of his postoperative course.
His sputum cultures did reveal a Pseudomonas for which he was treated appropriately with double antibiotic coverage.
Due to his continued multifocal pneumonia, he did require several bronchoscopies during his hospitalization.
These were done by the Unit team, and the patient tolerated these procedures well.
Postoperatively, the decision was made after approximately three and a half weeks, when it was clear that the patient was going to require a more extended of ventilatory weaning, that the patient would require a tracheostomy.
In addition, due to his failure wean off the ventilator and to be able to become fully alert and oriented, it was felt that a feeding tube should also be placed.
A Quinton catheter was placed, and he did receive multiple treatments of hemodialysis.
This was effective in reducing the amount of edema in the patient's extremities which he had required during his septicemia.
However, he did remain on his metoprolol.
At times, he did require nitroglycerin paste and a Nipride drip to control his blood pressure.
On postoperative day 28, after constant communication with the family during the previous four weeks of hospitalization, a discussion was held with regard to permanent access for hemodialysis given the patient's failure to resolve his acute renal failure.
At this time, his fluid and treatment requirements were discontinued, and the patient was treated with pain medication as needed.
