At that time, her left PICC line was D/C'd and blood cultures sent.
She was treated with a dose of Vancomycin, ceftriaxone, and given IV hydration.
The patient has also had a two week history of a frontal headache and as a result, a head CT was attained in outpatient clinic, which revealed findings of a sinusitis.
At that time, the patient's outpatient prednisone dose was increased from 15 q.d.
She was treated again with a gram of Vancomycin and ceftriaxone.
She was also given IV Solu-Medrol and IV hydration yet again.
In the Emergency Department, the patient was given 100 mg of Solu-Medrol as well as Levaquin, Flagyl, and Vancomycin.
Prednisone 20 b.i.d.
Bactrim double strength q Monday, Wednesday, Friday.
Diflucan 200 q.d.
Protonix 40 q.d.
Ativan 1 b.i.d.
Colace 100 b.i.d.
She did have 1-2 cm erythematous round well demarcated macules on her arms, buttocks, and legs as well as her trunk that all partially blanched and were nontender.
Her grade 4 graft- versus-host disease of the GI tract and the skin continued to progress despite high doses of Solu-Medrol, CellCept, Remicade, and cyclosporin.
As a result, she was given both IV metoprolol and diltiazem in the form of a drip to keep her heart rate controlled.
This was thought to be multifactorial in etiology in part due to uremic/hepatic encephalopathy, questionable TTP, and drug induced as the patient had been receiving high doses of benzodiazepines and narcotics in the setting of hepatic and renal function.
Once she was transferred to the Medical ICU, it was decided to discontinue all mind-altering medications.
As she was given fluid boluses in last effort to improve her urinary output but without effect.
Her white count also continued to rise on a daily basis with no clear etiology as all cultures continue to remain negative.
She, however, remained on broad- spectrum antibiotics, antifungals, and antivirals.
It was decided to continue the current level of care including all medications and laboratory draws, but there was to be no escalation of treatment (i.e., no intubation, hemodialysis, or pressors).
Stage IV graft-versus-host disease.
