Per the Emergency Department, the decision to intubate the patient was based on air movement, and the patient "looking fatigued."
After intubation, the patient was noted to have paradoxical breathing and required significant sedation to synchronize with the rate.
The patient was transferred to the Intensive Care Unit for further management of her respiratory distress.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on home oxygen (no PFTs available).
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Albuterol metered dose inhaler, Trazodone 50 mg p.o.
q.h.s., Amitriptyline Maxzide 1 tab p.o.
q.d., Combivent 4 puffs inhaled q.4 hours.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Vital signs:  Blood pressure 110/60, heart rate 135, respirations 20, oxygen saturation 97% on pressure support ventilation (pressure support of 10, PEEP of 5).
LABORATORY DATA:  White blood cell count 12.4, hematocrit 32.2, platelet count 693; sodium 141, potassium 6.2 (hemolyzed), chloride 103, bicarb 24, BUN 14, creatinine 0.6, glucose 182; calcium 9.3, magnesium 2.1; CK 66; ABG after intubation with pH of 7.33, pCO2 66, pO2 364 on the above vent settings.
Chest x-ray showed hyperinflated, hyperaerated lungs, endotracheal tube 4 cm above the carina, no infiltrates.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The impression was that this was a 67-year-old female with a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema with ALS, history of atrial fibrillation, presenting in respiratory distress status post intubation in the Emergency Department.
The patient was treated with steroids (Solu-Medrol switched to Prednisone with taper), Levaquin and Flagyl for a question of aspiration pneumonia, for a total of a 10-day course, Albuterol and Atrovent nebulizers, and diuresis to maintain the patient euvolemic.
The patient was initially intubated with high-pressure support and noted to have auto-PEEP with a slow long wean to extubation.
The patient was continued on Albuterol and Atrovent nebulizer therapy.
There was also mediastinal and paratracheal lymphadenopathy raising the suspicion for cancer.
Cardiac:  The patient had an episode of atrial tachycardia on admission to the Intensive Care Unit which had been well controlled on Diltiazem which was titrated up to 90 mg p.o.
Upon transfer to the floor, the patient was switched to Cardizem CD 360 mg p.o.
The patient did not require intravenous Diltiazem for interim episodes of atrial tachycardia.
The patient was restarted on Trazodone and Amitriptyline for depression upon transfer back to the floor.
An arterial blood gas was checked showing a pH of 7.42, pCO2 57, pO2 246 on 5 L nasal cannula oxygen.
Endocrine:  In the Intensive Care Unit, the patient was on a regular Insulin sliding scale as she had been on steroids for treating her chronic obstructive pulmonary disease flare.
The patient's fingersticks were within normal limits upon transfer to the floor, and therefore the sliding scale was discontinued.
