Reports going to multiple ED's with these symptoms and has just been given pain medication without much relief.
Reflexes: B T Br Pa Ac Right            2  2 Left             2  2  Toes downgoing bilaterally Rectal exam normal sphincter control 3 beat clonus on L   Pertinent Results: MRI LUMBAR SPINE ON ADMITION:  FINDINGS: A 13 x 42 mm irregularly enhancing mass is noted within the thecal sac, centered at the L4 vertebral level.
Reports going to multiple ED's with these symptoms and has just been given pain medication without much relief.
went to the OR with Dr. [**First Name (STitle) **] and underwent a lumbare decompression and a complete resection of the intradural tumor.
Medications on Admission: Vicodin 5-500 1 tab"prn, Neurontin 200mg HS   Discharge Medications: 1.
Acetaminophen 325 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO Q6H (every 6 hours) as needed.
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day).
Methocarbamol 500 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO TID (3 times a day).
Oxycodone-Acetaminophen 5-325 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) as needed.
Senna 8.6 mg Tablet Sig: One (1) Tablet PO twice a day: Take while on Narcotic pain medications.
Discharge Disposition: Home  Discharge Diagnosis: L3-L4 intrathecal lesion, s/p resection   Discharge Condition: Stable   Discharge Instructions: ??????
Keep your wound(s) clean and dry / No tub baths or pool swimming for two weeks from your date of surgery you may shower Three days after your surgery and get the wound wet, but do not scrub the wound area.
?Take your pain medication as instructed; you may find it best if taken in the morning when you wake-up for morning stiffness, and before bed for sleeping discomfort.
?Do not take any anti-inflammatory medications such as Motrin, Advil, Aspirin, and Ibuprofen etc.
?Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as pain medicine (narcotics) can cause constipation.
We recommend taking an over the counter stool softener, such as Docusate (Colace) while taking narcotic pain medication.
