HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 73-year-old male with a history of locally advanced anaplastic bladder cancer, status post XRT and chemotherapy; history of PE with left lower extremity DVT diagnosed three months ago, status post IVC filter, who patient presented with the complaints of diaphoresis, dyspnea, nausea, and vomiting.
The patient was given TNK tissue plasminogen activator.
The patient was transferred to the Coronary Care Unit for further management.
Bladder cancer status post XRT and chemotherapy, anaplastic locally advanced.
The patient was currently undergoing palliative chemotherapy with Gemcitabine.
Left lower extremity DVT diagnosed three months ago status post IVC filter placement.
Coumadin recently discontinued for hematuria secondary to the patient's bladder carcinoma.
Status post right hip fracture in [**2137**].
Ventilator settings were IMV 10/700, 80% FIO2 with PEEP of 5, first ABG 7.28/43/336.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the Coronary Care Unit for management of respiratory failure, recent heart block and recent cardiogenic shock.
He was started on aspirin, Plavix, and beta blocker, ACE inhibitor and statin for his ischemic disease.
Given the fact that the patient has a known cancer and had received lytics at an outside hospital and also had focal neurological complaints with examination notable for left-sided dysmetria, head CT was obtained, which revealed left cerebellar infarction with increased pressure in the posterior fossa.
The patient was monitored closely with frequent neurological checks and appeared to be clinically stable.
The patient was never given Mannitol or any other therapeutic modalities to reduce the intracranial pressure.
Given the patient suppressed EF and mild clinical heart failure necessitating nasal cannula oxygen, the patient was aggressively diuresed and appeared to tolerate this well.
He was started on a course of Cipro for this.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.q.d.
Plavix 75 mg p.o.q.d.
Lopressor 37.5 mg p.o.b.i.d.
Captopril 37.5 mg p.o.t.i.d.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.q.d.
Iron sulfate 325 mg p.o.t.i.d.
Colace 100 mg p.o.b.i.d.
Pyridium 200 mg p.o.t.i.d.
Folate 1 mg p.o.q.d.
Lipitor 10 mg p.o.q.d.
Ciprofloxacin 500 mg p.o.b.i.d.
Lasix 40 mg p.o.q.d.
Terazosin 1 mg p.o.q.d.
