The patient underwent chemotherapy with 5-FU, methotrexate, and leucovorin.
The patient also had liver resection for metastases.
The patient is no longer undergoing any therapy for her cancer.
Effexor 75 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
Ursodiol 300 mg p.o.
Ceftriaxone 1 gram.
Oxycontin 80 mg p.o.
Oxycodone 5 mg q. six hours p.r.n.
ASSESSMENT:  The patient is a 55-year-old female with metastatic colon CA without known coronary artery disease presenting with progressive dyspnea on exertion, shortness of breath, and palpitations secondary to pericardial effusion with organization complicated by tamponade who underwent unsuccessful pericardiocentesis.
On further discussion with Cardiac Surgery as well as the patient, the patient opted for a minimally invasive procedure and did not want to undergo a full sternotomy for pericardial stripping.
On hospital day number five, the patient underwent a pericardial window and drainage of pleural effusions.
A chest tube was inserted through the pericardium.
There were also chest tubes placed within the pleural spaces.
The drainage was serous both the pleural and pericardial space.
Chest tubes were removed and the patient was transferred back to the [**Hospital Unit Name 196**] Service for followed care.
The patient is at risk of subacute tamponade given constrictive pericarditis.
ATRIAL FIBRILLATION:  The patient was noted to have atrial fibrillation at the outside hospital and was started on an Amiodarone load.
The patient was initiated on a beta blocker.
The patient is to be discharged on beta blocker and on Amiodarone 200 mg p.o.
of Lasix and home 02.
The patient should be followed closely and should continue with diuresis and oxygen supplementation as needed.
She is not seeking any further therapy at this time.
The patient was transitioned on a PCA Dilaudid strip for pain control.
The patient was subsequently transitioned to Oxycontin and Fentanyl.
However, the patient displayed decreased mental status on the Fentanyl patch and subsequently Fentanyl was discontinued.
The patient is to be discharged to home on Oxycontin 80 mg p.o.
and Oxycodone as needed.
The patient is also to continue on Ibuprofen 400 mg p.o.
Oxycodone 80 mg p.o.
Ibuprofen 400 mg tablets p.o.
Metoprolol 50 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 200 mg t.i.d.
Venlafaxine 75 mg tablets p.o.
Oxycodone 5 mg tablets 5-10 mg p.o.
Ursodiol 300 mg tablets p.o.
Lasix 40 mg tablets p.o.
