The patient had his laryngeal biopsy followed by six weeks of radiation therapy and returned as a postoperative admit for coronary artery bypass grafting.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  The patient's past medical history is significant for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, cerebrovascular accident in [**2131-5-12**], paroxysmal atrial fibrillation, second degree heart block, coronary artery disease, laryngeal cancer status post radiation therapy.
MEDICATIONS:  The patient's medications prior to admission include aspirin 325 once daily, Lipitor 40 once daily, Norvasc 5 once daily, isosorbide 30 once daily, atenolol 12.5 once daily.
In summary, the patient had a coronary artery bypass graft times four with a left internal mammary artery to the diagonal, saphenous vein graft to the left anterior descending coronary artery, saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal and saphenous vein graft to posterior descending coronary artery.
He tolerated the operation well and was transferred from the Operating Room to the cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit.
He atherosclerotic heart disease Neo-Synephrine at 0.5 mcg/kg/min and Propofol at 20 mcg/kg/min.
His anesthesia was reversed.
He was weaned from the ventilator and successfully extubated.
He was hemodynamically stable requiring only nitroglycerin to maintain an adequate blood pressure.
The patient was begun on beta blockade as well as diuretics.
His nitroglycerin infusion was weaned, and given his prior history of heparin block, the electrophysiology service was consulted and the patient remained in the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit.
Additionally, the patient was begun on heparin for his atrial fibrillation.
On postoperative day Number 3, the patient's Swan-Ganz catheter as well as chest tubes was removed.
He was again cardioverted and started on Amiodarone following cardioversion.
The decision was made at that time to keep the patient in the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit as it was anticipated that the patient would need a pacemaker prior to discharge given his slow ventricular response after cardioversion.
On postoperative day Number 5, the patient was brought to the Cardiac Catheterization Laboratory where he underwent placement of a permanent pacemaker.
Following placement of the pacemaker the patient was transferred to Far 2 for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation.
Once on the floor, the patient was progressing slowly from his coronary artery bypass grafting as well as pacemaker placement, when on postoperative day Number 6 from coronary artery bypass graft and day Number 1 from pacemaker placement, he was noted to have bloody stool.
He was placed on intravenous Protonix and a gastroenterology consult was called.
The colonoscopy showed two benign appearing polyps that were nonbleeding as well as internal hemorrhoids and multiple nonbleeding diverticula in the sigmoid colon.
The patient did not undergo polypectomy at that time as he was somewhat anticoagulated due to his atrial fibrillation.
He tolerated the procedure well and was transferred back to Far 2.
Left leg incision from endoscopic harvest site with Steri-Strips clean and dry.
Left shoulder incision from pacemaker implantation with Steri-Strips, clean and dry with dry sterile dressing.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Status post coronary artery bypass grafting times four with left internal mammary artery to the diagonal, saphenous vein graft to the left anterior descending coronary artery, saphenous vein graft to obtuse marginal and saphenous vein graft to posterior descending coronary artery.
Second degree heart block status post permanent pacemaker, Medtronics Sigma STR303.
Laryngeal carcinoma status post radiation therapy.
Colace 100 mg b.i.d.
Aspirin 81 mg once daily.
Percocet 5/325 one to two tablets q.
Metoprolol 25 mg b.i.d.
Prilosec 40 mg b.i.d.
Amiodarone 400 mg once daily times two weeks and then 200    mg once daily.
Atorvastatin 40 mg once daily.
Lisinopril 10 mg once daily.
