The patient's nose was packed with Gelfoam and the bleeding was controlled.
In the Emergency Department she also received 20 mg of intravenous Lasix and Vitamin K.  Her nose was packed with Gelfoam and the bleeding was stopped.
An nasogastric tube was placed and a nasogastric lavage was done which returned 50 to 100 cc of coffee ground which cleared.
Pulmonary hypertension, unknown etiology, she is on 2 liters of home oxygen.
She was on schedule to have her first chemotherapy treatment for this consisting of Chlorambucil one day after presentation to the Emergency Department.
Status post total abdominal hysterectomy/bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Tylenol 1 gm q.i.d., Allopurinol 200 mg p.o.
q.d., Premarin 0.625 mg p.o.
q.d., Ferrous Sulfate 325 mg p.o.
q.d., Lasix 20 mg p.o.
q.d., Levothyroxine 75 mcg p.o.
q.d., Lisinopril 2.5 mg p.o.
q.d., Multivitamin, Nadolol 20 mg p.o.
q.d., Nizatidine 150 mg p.o.
q.d., Ilotyein eyedrops b.i.d.
Chest x-ray, tortuous calcified aorta, cardiomegaly, congestive heart failure with effusions, elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.
The patient will be treated conservatively with supportive measures including blood transfusions and a close hemodynamic monitoring.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  Gastrointestinal - The patient was supported with blood transfusions.
She received a total of three blood transfusions.
By the end of hospital day #2, her hematocrit had stabilized post transfusion at 30, subsequent hematocrit checks were unchanged.
The patient was maintained on Protonix during her entire time in the hospital as the patient is Do-Not-Resuscitate/Do-Not-Intubate and did not want colonoscopy.
Cardiovascular - All the patient's antihypertensive medications were stopped upon admission.
After the hematocrit had been stable for 24 hours, on hospital day #3, the patient was restarted on her Captopril instead of Lisinopril.
Lasix was given as needed for pulmonary edema and congestive heart failure symptoms.
She was placed back on her standing Lasix dose on hospital day #4.
When the patient received her blood transfusions she was given Lasix after each transfusion as she did manifest some symptoms concerning for congestive heart failure and volume overload.
Pulmonary - The patient was maintained on face mask oxygen and then nasal cannula oxygen.
The patient did have crackles on examination and was given Lasix for volume overload as noted in the cardiovascular hospital course.
Finally, the patient is hard of hearing, did not bring her hearing aids and some of her withdrawn behavior may be due to the patient not being able to hear and interact with other people appropriately.
Allopurinol 200 mg p.o.
Premarin .625 mg p.o.
Iron supplements 4.
Lasix 20 mg p.o.
Synthroid 75 mcg p.o.
Multivitamin 7.
Lisinopril 2.5 mg p.o.
Nadolol 20 mg p.o.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Tylenol as needed 11.
Pulmonary hypertension requiring oxygen 4.
