12 hours later after receiving roughly 500 cc of fluid and multiple nebulizers of Albuterol and Atrovent without relief, the patient suddenly became more tachypneic to 40 with 92 saturations dropping to the low 90s on 4 liters.
She was initially treated with Solu-Medrol intravenously, Albuterol and Atrovent nebulizers and CPAP and then transferred to the Intensive Care Unit for further monitoring.
She was intubated briefly for pulmonary aortic catheter placement but was quickly extubated and slowly weaned from her CPAP.
Her respiratory status gradually improved and on [**2-23**], after diuresis and continued treatment with p.o.
Prednisone and Albuterol and Atrovent metered dose inhalers she was sating 93% on room air.
In the Intensive Care Unit she had pulmonary artery catheter placed which demonstrated an elevated pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 22 at peak and her cardiac output was 3.64 and cardiac index was roughly around 2.
She probably has baseline both systolic dysfunction given her low cardiac index and diastolic dysfunction, although the diastolic dysfunction was difficult to appreciate due to the limitation of the echocardiogram.
Subsequently upon transfer to the floor, the patient was started on an ACE inhibitor which she tolerated well.
In addition, the patient had had episodes of sinus tachycardia of unknown etiology and was treated with Diltiazem drip.
This was sort of in the place of her Metoprolol which had been discontinued considering the patient had had episodes of bronchospasm in the past by report while on beta blocker.
On the second day on the floor, the patient tachycardia was well controlled in the low 80s on Diltiazem 90 mg p.o.
Her blood pressure was well controlled on ACE inhibitor, Diltiazem and the systolic pressures in the 110 to 140 range.
Antibiotics were continued for two to three days after admission and then discontinued as it seemed less likely that the patient had infection and more likely chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation/congestive heart failure.
During the hospital stay her dose of Seroquel was increase as she had become somewhat agitated in the Intensive Care Unit likely the result of her elevated carbon dioxide which was then blown off while on CPAP.
She was continued on her Synthroid 75 mcg p.o.
Her blood sugar remains somewhat difficult to control due to the steroids in the Intensive Care Unit.
She was treated on insulin drip which was then changed to back to a standing dose of NPH 15 units in the morning, 10 units in the evening and a modified insulin sliding scale of regular insulin q.i.d.
