Rigid bronchoscopy.
INDICATIONS:  The patient has an endobronchial lesion occluding the bronchus intermedius.
The procedure will be performed to open the bronchus intermedius and prevent right middle lobe collapse.
The rigid intubation was done without difficulties.
A full airway survey was performed on the left side and there was no evidence of endobronchial lesions or excessive secretions.
Next the flexible bronchoscope was advanced to the root right tracheobronchial tree and there was a large endobronchial mass occluding the bronchus intermedius.
There did not seem to be healthy distal airways beyond the tumor.
It would have immediate tumor infiltration.
There was a mild amount of bleeding.
The bronchoscope was then withdrawn without difficulties.
The rigid barrel tracheoscope was withdrawn without difficulties, and the patient was extubated without any complications.
Tumor debridement was performed to open the bronchus intermedius; however, there are no healthy airways beyond into the right lower lobe.
However, there is significant tumor infiltration surrounding it.
There is increased opacity in the right mid lung compatible with increased volume loss, secretions, infiltrate distal to an obstructing endobronchial mass.
Large heterogeneously enhancing right infrahilar mass resulting in obstruction of the bronchus intermedius and possible extension into the posterior right mediastinum.
Large likely necrotic component to the mass, less likely intrapulmonary abscess.
Scattered mediastinal nodes and cavitary left upper lung nodule which may represent metastatic focus, second primary malignancy, or focal infection (including fungal/mycobacterial).
Complete collapse of the right lower lobe with partial collapse of the right middle lobe but slightly improved distal bronchial aeration post bronchoscopy.
Interval increase in degree of centrilobular nodules and solid nonenhancing opacities involving the remaining aerated right middle and lower lobe.
Interval increase in small right pleural effusion and new trace left pleural effusion.
Calcified silicone implants with bilateral extracapsular rupture.
