The patient remained in the hospital with the initial intent to conduct further thyroid workup, however, later on [**2149-9-20**], the patient had a precipitous drop in her hematocrit from 28 to 23 of unclear etiology.
The patient was without evidence of bleeding and responded appropriately to 2 units packed red blood cell transfusion.
On the following hospitalization day, during team rounds, the patient experienced a witnessed focal motor seizure involving the right face and lasting two to three minutes.
The patient was without recollection of the episode and experienced a postictal facial droop and dysarthria.
A stat head CT following the episode was with evidence of multiple areas of intra and extracranial hemorrhage involving the left frontal, left parietal, left occipital, right frontal, and the right temporal lobes.
There was no significant mass affect of hydrocephalus.
The Neurology Service was consulted and the patient was started on Dilantin for seizure prophylaxis.
The patient's facial droop, dysarthria, and generalized confusion largely resolved within 30 minutes following the seizure episode.
The patient remained hemodynamically stable without recurrent evidence of seizure activity and remained on the floor with close observation.
During the remainder of the day following the events, the patient's mental status waxed and waned with recurrence of the right facial droop and dysarthria by evening.
Neurology was made aware but without further evidence of seizure activity, the patient was followed expectantly.
A repeat head CAT scan redemonstrated the multiple supratentorial, parenchymal, and subdural hemorrhages.
However, also demonstrated the question of a clot within the junction of the right transverse and sigmoid sinuses.
With the concern for a venous thrombosis in addition to the patient's increased seizure activity, the patient was transferred to the Neurosurgical Intensive Care Unit for close observation.
The patient continued on Dilantin with no further evidence of seizure activity.
A follow-up MRV of the head showed no evidence of venous spinous thrombosis and the patient was maintained off of anticoagulation.
There were no further seizure episodes and the patient was returned to the floor the following day.
Neurology felt the seizure activity was likely secondary to irritation of the brain parenchyma secondary to an extensive subdural bleed.
While in the Neurosurgical Intensive Care Unit, the patient underwent a speech and swallow evaluation, which she failed, and was felt to be at increased risk for aspiration.
The patient was maintained on IV fluids with nothing by mouth for several days.
While in the Neurosurgical Intensive Care Unit, the patient spiked a fever with recurrent low-grade fevers.
A chest x-ray was notable for a question of lower lobe infiltrates and the patient was started on empiric antibiotics (ceftriaxone and Flagyl).
The patient continues with intermittent low-grade fevers without further signs of infection on empiric antibiotics.
On hospital day number 12, the patient's peripheral blood immunophenotyping results returned with the preliminary diagnosis of chronic lymphocytic leukemia with monoclonal B cells and mature T cell lineages.
Please see previous discharge instructions for further details.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  As per previous discharge summary, in addition subdural hemorrhage complicated by focal motor seizures.
