HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Patient is an 80-year-old male recently diagnosed with squamous cell carcinoma of the lung presents from an outside hospital with shortness of breath, hemoptysis, and positive post-obstructive pneumonia.
The patient became increasingly short of breath on 04/31 with complaints of coughing.
He experienced hemoptysis of approximately 10-15 cc of bright red blood.
Hemoptysis resolved, but shortness of breath and cough continued.
At outside hospital, chest x-ray is consistent with right upper lobe collapse.
Patient currently without complaints.
Positive for dyspnea on exertion.
No chest pain or palpitations.
The patient was transferred to [**Hospital1 69**] for possible Interventional Pulmonary procedure of bronchial stent.
CAD status post MI.
Paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Afebrile at 98.7, heart rate 108 irregular, breathing at 36, and blood pressure 124/60, 88 percent on 50 percent Ventimask.
Alert and oriented times three in no acute distress.
Diffuse coarse breath sounds with decreased breath sounds in the right upper lobe, no egophony.
Irregularly, irregular, no murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended, normoactive bowel sounds, no hepatosplenomegaly.
On skin exam, there is frequent seborrheic keratoses and actinic keratoses on shin and along ear with multiple firm blue-black nodules.
Positive for clubbing and cyanosis.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  Patient was admitted to General Medicine with post-obstructive pneumonia, hemoptysis secondary to endobronchial invasive cancer.
On the floor, the patient continued to desat and experienced 250 cc of bright red blood.
Two segmental level on the right, right main stem bronchus approximately 98 percent obstructive by fungating tumor emanating from the right upper lobe and tumor was excised and destroyed with microdebrider, 2 APC, and forceps.
Patent right middle lobe and right lower lobe.
At this time given atrial fibrillation and hemoptysis, anticoagulation agents were held.
At the time of dictation, pathology of excised tumor is still pending.
FOLLOW UP:  The patient is to followup with PCP in one week for hematocrit check as well as adjustment of duration of antibiotic therapy if patient does not defervesce or exhibit reobstruction pneumonia.
