HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  A 73-year-old man with the extensive past medical history significant for diabetes, chronic kidney disease, hypertension and peripheral vascular disease presented to the nephrology clinic on [**2197-1-24**] with increasing fatigue and lower extremity edema.
On further questioning the patient denies any melena, hematochezia or bleeding of any kind or bruising.
Nasogastric lavage done in the emergency room was positive for coffee grounds.
Endoscopy done revealed gastritis with lots of blood in the stomach, granularity and nodular lesion in the duodenum which possibly could be the source of his bleeding.
Diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease stage 4     complicated by hyperkalemia, volume overload, secondary     hypoparathyroidism and anemia.
Ulcerative colitis.
Right adrenal adenoma.
Peripheral vascular disease with carotid stenosis,     infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysm, deep venous     thrombosis, iron deficiency anemia and adrenal nodule.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
No alcohol or illicit drug use.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Brother had liver cancer.
Father and mother had cerebrovascular accidents.
Patient appeared in no acute distress.
No elevated jugular venous distension.
No cervical lymphadenopathy, supraclavicular lymphadenopathy.
Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended, no palpable masses.
Extremities showed absent dorsalis pedis and posterior tibial pulses bilaterally.
Right lower extremity revealed bluish discoloration of the toes (patient reports this to be present for the past 3 months).
Of note in the Intensive Care Unit streaks of blood were noted on the glove with black colored stools on rectal examination with erythema and maceration of the skin around the rectum.
Hepatitis panel negative.
Specimen obtained during esophagogastroduodenoscopy, biopsy revealed hyperplasia of gastric pit.
Chest x-ray on admission revealed no acute cardiopulmonary process.
Electrocardiogram revealed sinus rhythm with first degree AV block, right bundle branch block.
SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE:  Acute blood loss anemia from upper gastrointestinal bleeding: After the correction of coagulopathy and transfusion of 5 units of packed red blood cells the patient had an esophagogastroduodenoscopy that revealed the above findings and a biopsy was done that revealed the above findings.
Chronic kidney disease, stage 5: Dialysis was initiated at this time under the guidance of nephrology.
Peripheral vascular disease: The patient was started on aspirin and then warfarin was stopped.
The patient also has abdominal aortic aneurysm and adrenal nodular as well as carotid stenosis on multiple radiological studies done in our system.
PATIENT DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS:  The patient was discharged with the following instructions: Please follow with your primary care doctor or return to the hospital if you have fevers, chills, chest pain, dizziness, or any other symptom concerning to you.
Acute blood loss anemia.
Chronic kidney disease stage 5.
Peripheral vascular disease.
Diabetes mellitus poorly controlled with complications.
Abdominal aortic aneurysm.
