HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is an 87 year-old female with a past medical history significant for metastatic breast cancer who presents with shortness of breath and significant dyspnea on exertion.
After the procedure, the patient felt as though her shortness of breath had improved greatly.
She has had persistent drainage from the Pleur-X catheter approximately 300 cc every day or every other day.
The patient reports that over the past 4 days, she has had increased shortness of breath despite drainage.
The patient denies cough, fever, chills, orthopnea, leg edema or chest pain.
The patient has known metastatic disease to the lungs and the pleura with recurrent malignant pleural effusions there were treated with Pleur-X catheters as previously mentioned.
The patient is blind in the right eye, due to herpes simplex keratitis over 50 years ago.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
0xygen saturation is 96%.
The patient has a neck with some jugulovenous distention.
Chest is symmetric with decreased breath sounds of the left base at the position where the Pleur-X catheter is placed.
There are no gallops, no murmurs, no rubs.
The extremities are without clubbing, cyanosis or edema.
The concern was for a pericardial effusion, rule out an early tamponade versus pulmonary embolism.
On hospital day number 2, the patient was on no antibiotics.
She had no malignancy pleural effusion, an enlarged cardiac silhouette that was concerning certainly for pericardial effusion.
On the afternoon of hospital day number 2, the patient had a pericardial drain placed which put out 200 cc of bloody drainage.
There appeared to be no bleeding into the chest.
On hospital day number 3, the patient was doing well without complaints.
A CT scan of the chest with contrast was [**Doctor Last Name **] in the morning and the patient was preopped for the operating room of a left video assisted thoracoscopy with a left sided subxiphoid window.
The patient tolerated the surgery well and was without complaints.
There was no leak and the patient was hemodynamically stable.
Aortic insufficiency.
Iron deficiency anemia.
Metastatic breast cancer.
DISCHARGE INSTRUCTIONS:  She was to call her surgeon and return to the emergency room if she experienced shortness of breath, increasing fatigue, pain, fever, chills or any significant change in her medical condition.
