HEMATOLOGY/ONCOLOGY:  The patient continued per the transplant protocol to receive total body irradiation twice a day in preparation for his stem cell transplant.
He tolerated these radiations well with mild intermittent nausea and vomiting.
Again, there were no complications from this therapy.
From the day before, the patient received his stem cell infusion continuing throughout the rest of the hospital admission.
The patient was on cyclosporin continuous infusion for the prevention of graft-versus-host disease.
Approximately two to three days after receiving a stem cell infusion the patient did become neutropenic, although he remained afebrile for the first several days after the infusion.
Given his low platelets and bleeding, a noncontrast head CT was done to rule out intracranial hemorrhage.
The patient had a continued increase in his white cell count and was not longer neutropenic.
He did not show initially any signs of graft-versus-host disease; however, the day prior to discharge, the patient had a new erythematous pruritic maculopapular rash on the palms of both hands.
This was consistent for possibly early GHD; however, the patient had no other signs or symptoms of GHD such as abdominal, right upper quadrant pain, increased LFTs, weight gain, diarrhea.
The patient had some intermittent fevers after his stem cell infusion.
He received three days of Solu-Medrol in a tapering dose of 100 mg, 50 mg, and 25 mg, following which he was afebrile and had no further symptoms or signs of engraftment syndrome.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  The patient remained afebrile for much of his transplant course; however, on day plus six, the patient did spike a fever and as he was neutropenic, he was started on cefepime for pseudomonal coverage.
The patient remained on cefepime and at approximately day plus eight he was started on vancomycin as he had a laceration to the head and there was concern for gram-positive infection given his neutropenia.
The patient continued on these antibiotics until his neutropenia resolved and his white count began to increase.
At this time, as he remained afebrile and without any signs or symptoms of infection, the antibiotics were slowly paired.
Bactrim Double-Strength three times a week was also added for prophylaxis.
Prior to discharge, hepatitis B viral load was sent and there was a plan to resume treatment of his hepatitis B with Lamivudine after discharge.
GENITOURINARY:  Several days after receiving his stem cell infusion, the patient began to complain of suprapubic discomfort and pain upon urination as well as penile pain upon urination.
Several urinalyses were done which did not show any evidence of hemorrhage cystitis or urinary tract infection.
The patient did not have any recurrence of these symptoms.
NEUROLOGICAL:  The patient complained of intermittent headache throughout the last two weeks of his hospital admission.
Numerous head CT scans were done which did not show any cause of the headache.
In addition, the patient had an event at approximately day plus seven where, while he was urinating, he felt dizziness and fell to the ground hitting the back of his head on the base of his IV pole.
This resulted in a small 2 cm wide approximately 3 mm deep laceration to the left occipital area of his scalp.
The patient also complained of pain in his left shoulder and had a superficial abrasion over the left scapula.
At this time, the patient's platelets were low and there was a concern that the patient had an intracranial hemorrhage given his fall.
He was taken for a stat noncontrast head CT scan which showed a very small inferior frontal lobe subarachnoid hemorrhage.
The patient at this time did not have any neurological deficits.
Another repeat head CAT scan was done approximately four days after this event and this showed apparent resolution of the subarachnoid hemorrhage with no new lesions or hemorrhages.
After this repeat head CT showed resolution of the subarachnoid hemorrhage, the Dilantin was discontinued.
The patient's head laceration and scapula abrasion both healed well with no complications.
The head CT scans also showed a fluid collection in the sphenoid sinus that may be consistent with sinusitis.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  The patient had intermittent low volume diarrhea after his stem cell infusion approximately once a day.
The patient was started on Flagyl for a period of time for a concern of C. difficile colitis; however, C. difficile toxins which were sent were negative and the Flagyl was discontinued.
Prior to discharge, the patient had not had any diarrhea for approximately 36 hours.
He had magnesium wasting secondary to cyclosporin and required magnesium replacement on an almost daily basis and he would continue to receive magnesium replacement intravenously as an outpatient.
and ambulating without difficulty.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) status post sibling allogeneic transplant.
