DISCHARGE DIAGNOSIS:  Stage IV poorly differentiated papillary serous carcinoma of the ovary.
The workup in the Emergency Room included a CT which showed bilateral pleural effusions, a large multiloculated mass filling the entire cul-de-sac measuring 15.8 cm in greatest dimension, extending out of the pelvis above the umbilicus towards the liver.
There was omental caking and minimal ascites.
There was some questionable retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy.
Because of the patient's GI complaints, she was admitted and placed on bowel rest with the diagnosis of a partial small bowel obstruction.
The patient's symptoms of nausea, bloating, and constipation continued until her surgery.
Her postoperative course from a GI standpoint was significant for a postoperative ileus which resolved on postoperative day number seven with the passage of flatus.
HEMATOLOGIC:  A lower extremity Doppler was performed on the patient on hospital day number two after suspicion for DVT was raised on the initial CT of the pelvis.
It demonstrated a left superficial femoral deep venous thrombosis.
This was done by Interventional Radiology with no complications.
The Lovenox was discontinued on postoperative day number ten due to the development of an incisional hematoma.
The patient will not be discharged on Lovenox  but will probably restart the Lovenox on an outpatient basis with her hematologist.
The Breast Surgery Service was consulted and their opinion was that the pelvic mass primary was most likely not breast in origin.
The estimated blood loss was 1,200 cc.
The intraoperative findings included multiple tumor nodules on the mesentery, small bowel, diaphragm.
There was a large pelvic mass arising from and replacing the entire left ovary.
There was 1,200 cc of straw-colored ascites.
There was no evidence of mechanical bowel obstruction.
The patient's pain was controlled initially with a Dilaudid PCA.
The patient remained afebrile during the immediate postoperative period.
Her breathing remained the same (slightly with feelings of slight shortness of breath but overall breathing without difficulty).
The final pathology from the surgery revealed a poorly differentiated papillary serous carcinoma arising from the ovary.
At that point, she developed an incisional hematoma which was initially followed clinically as it was not expanding.
However, on postoperative day number 12, the incision began to drain and the patient spiked a temperature up to 101.2.
A three inch area of the incision was opened and approximately 200 cc of clot was drained.
The wound was flushed with sterile saline and gently packed with gauze.
wet-to-dry wound dressing changes.
The urine culture was positive for coagulase-negative Staphylococcus.
The patient did have a temperature, as previously stated, on postoperative day number 12 up to 101.2.
