HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS CONTINUED:  On the day of admission, the patient was seen by his primary care physician with inability to control his bladder and was noted to have decreased ankle flexion.
The patient denied nausea, vomiting, shortness of breath, abdominal pain, or chest pain.
At the time of presentation, the patient complained of inability to move his left leg and urinary incontinence.
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:  On review of systems, the patient denies weight loss.
The patient denies any visual symptoms.
The patient denies any dry mouth or tinnitus.
The patient denies chest pain, orthopnea, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, shortness of breath, or cough.
The patient complains of some abdominal pain and constipation.
The patient complaints of some urinary incontinence.
He denies a rash or weight change.
No dizziness, vertigo, confusion, or headache.
L5-S1 herniated disk.
Longstanding prior history of tuberculosis exposure.
He is in process of a divorce.
Head, eyes, ears, nose, and throat examination revealed normocephalic and atraumatic.
No thyromegaly.
No cervical lymphadenopathy.
The patient was without any carotid bruits.
No crackles or wheezes.
No murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
Skin revealed no rash.
No apraxia or neglect appreciated.
No pronator drift.
Deep tendon reflexes were symmetric but absent at the ankles bilaterally.
The magnetic resonance imaging showed degenerative joint disease at the L5-S1 level.
Of note, and epidural mass was found posterior to the thecal sac at the T4 level extending from the area of the T3-T4 disks to the upper portion of T5.
Of particular importance, there was found to be greater than 50% narrowing of the spinal canal and moderate compression of the spinal cord.
Also of note was an area of increased signal within the spinal cord at the T5 level with likely edema.
HOSPITAL COURSE:   The patient was taken emergently to the operating room where an extensive epidural tumor in the midthoracic spine (as previously described by magnetic resonance imaging) was noted.
Pathology with preliminary diagnosis of non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
The computed tomography of the chest showed small precarinal lymph nodes, small lymph node on the left side measuring 1.3 cm X 1.1 cm, and no evidence of hilar lymphadenopathy.
A small granuloma of the right lung base was found.
As staging for non-Hodgkin lymphoma was being performed, and the patient was preparing for discharge and outpatient management of current diagnosis, the patient was found overnight (on [**2161-2-23**]) to have two episodes of liquid maroon-colored stools.
The episodes of dark maroon stools were associated with some left-sided abdominal pain.
A single cratered nonbleeding 1-cm ulcer with a clean base was found in the stomach body along the greater curvature.
No blood was seen in the stomach.
In the duodenum, red blood was seen beyond the ligament of Treitz in the third and fourth parts of the duodenum and jejunum.
No localizing source of the patient's bleeding was appreciated.
An arteriogram of the superior mesenteric artery, superior mesenteric artery, and three jejunal branches, celiac and internal mammary artery inferior mesenteric artery were without evidence of active bleeding.
The patient was taken for intravenous injection of tagged red blood cell scan.
The results showed extravasation of red blood cells into the patient's jejunum; consistent with a jejunal gastrointestinal bleed.
This time, active extravasation of contrast was found from a bleeding jejunal branch of the superior mesenteric artery in the left lower quadrant.
The bleeding jejunal branches were successfully coiled with full resolution of the bleeding.
However, the patient's hematocrit continued to tend downward from a post procedure hematocrit of 28 to a hematocrit of 21 with large bloody bowel movements.
The patient was taken back for a tagged red blood cell scan which showed an active bleed in the jejunal branch.
Active extravasation was seen through areas adjacent to initial coiling of the small collateral vessels.
No active extravasation was found after the procedure.
Impression revealed (1) free intraperitoneal fluid and (2) small bilateral pleural effusions.
A 6-cm portion of the jejunum showed no discrete raised lesions, although several small mucosal ulceration specimens were sent to Pathology.
Secondary to the presence of mucosal erosions, the patient was started on ganciclovir and fluconazole in the setting of this immunocompromised host.
The patient admitted tachycardia is a chronic state.
The aortic valve and mitral valve were structurally normal.
Pathology of intestinal segment showed multiple fossae mucosal hemorrhage and necrosis with erosions.
No acute inflammation of the submucosa.
The stains were negative for microsporidia and acid-fast bacilli in addition to cytomegalovirus.
The patient was found to have scrotal and left lower extremity thigh and bilateral lower extremity edema.
The patient continued diuresis successfully, and swelling and edema diminished significantly to the time of discharge.
The patient continued to be ambulatory with increasing strength and decreasing fatigue prior to discharge.
Two days prior to discharge, the patient noted 24 hours of bowel and bladder incontinence.
The patient was sent for an emergent magnetic resonance imaging which showed no significant change from the interval.
The patient's bowel and bladder incontinence resolved spontaneously within 12 hours of report.
The magnetic resonance imaging was reviewed by Neurosurgery and was without evidence of any recurrent or residual epidural tumor.
Abnormal marrow signal was appreciated in two thoracic vertebrae.
Again, no abnormality was seen in the lumbar spine or cervical spine.
Human immunodeficiency virus times 15 years (on highly active antiretroviral therapy).
L5-S1 herniated disk.
Longstanding prior history of tuberculosis exposure.
Massive red blood cell infusions.
