Despite a known right lower quadrant infectious    process and a known gram-negative rod bacteremia, the    decision was to proceed with the mismatched allogenic bone    marrow transplant.
Right lower quadrant abscess/infectious process:  The Infectious Disease and Surgery team followed throughout her entire course.
She was followed with serial CAT scans, which overall did not show significant changes throughout the month.
There was concern that at the time of her reconstitution of her immune system, that there might be increased inflammation at this process and that there was a risk of perforation.
Around this time, there was increased pain and she was followed closely, however, at no time there was indication for surgical intervention.
Upon recovery of her counts, she had decreased pain as well as decreased fevers (although she was on high-dose steroids at this time as well), and hope was that with an intact immune system, she would avoid the need for surgical intervention.
Repeat CAT scan on [**2174-6-5**] revealed unchanged size, but evidence of decreased amount of inflammation.
Gram-negative rod/pseudomonal bacteremia.
Patient with    multiple positive blood cultures throughout this month    with growing Pseudomonas, two different isolets.
She    continued to have positive cultures despite the multiple    antibiotics listed above.
It was felt that she was    seeding her blood from the right lower quadrant process.
Infectious Disease team followed closely, and the positive    cultures were speciated and at one point, there was    evidence acquired resistance to meropenum.
At the time of this    dictation, patient has been afebrile except for one low    grade temperature for the past few days, although as    mentioned, has been on a good amount of steroids.
On day 11 status post transplant, patient    developed respiratory distress.
She had evidence of fluid    overload on her chest x-ray.
Because of this respiratory failure, was felt to be due to    CHF as echocardiogram revealed a new global hypokinesis,    an EF of 25 percent plus/minus engraftment syndrome    causing capillary leak as this occurred in the setting of    recovery of her counts as well as plus/minus diffuse    alveolar hemorrhage.
As mentioned, a repeat echocardiogram revealed a    new global hypokinesis with an EF of only 25 percent.
She was treated with afterload reduction with    low-dose ACE inhibitor as well as Lasix as needed.
The patient felt acute renal failure going from a    creatinine of a baseline of 0.4 to a peak of 1.2.
For this reason, the patient had serial    ultrasound studies with Dopplers, which were all normal    showing no reversal flow in the portal system and no    evidence of ascites.
The bilirubin peaked at 28 and    without any specific treatment, began to trend down, and    at the time of this dictation is currently in the 5's.
