Flexible fiberoptic intubation by surgeon.
INDICATIONS FOR HOSPITALIZATION:  This is a 72-year-old gentleman who presented to the otolaryngology service with a muffled voice, no particular odynophagia or dysphagia.
He was evaluated and noted to have a significant supraglottic mass that appeared to be emanating from his epiglottis.
It was large and obstructive at the airway.
Options for evaluation were discussed with the patient and the patient elected to have a diagnostic biopsy as well as an elective tracheotomy.
Following the procedure, the diagnosis returned with malignant cancer of the supraglottis with mucoepidermoid features.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  Postoperatively, the patient did well and had no acute issues.
There were no desaturations.
The patient does have a history of type 2 diabetes mellitus and postoperatively his fingersticks were monitored, however, they were always within the 100-150 range and no coverage was necessary.
He also has a history of depression and psychotic disorders, however, these were not a problem during the hospitalization.
Speech and swallowing technologists noted that there was traces of aspiration, with maneuvers of chin tucking and pureed thickened liquids no aspirations occurred.
He was, therefore, started on a clear liquid diet alternating with pureed thickened solids and tolerated that well.
The patient's electrolytes were also followed during the stay and there were no abnormalities.
The patient had no problems with urinary or excretory functions.
Diabetes mellitus type 2.
Depression with psychotic features.
No history of     suicide or homicidal ideation.
Report of bipolar disorder and also schizoaffective     disorder.
Also a history of urinary incontinence, though none     currently.
ALLERGIES:  The patient has no known drug allergies.
There are no palpable lymphadenopathy.
His nose is symmetrical in midline and there are no mucosal abnormalities.
Oral cavity and oropharynx no abnormality, however, when the tongue is depressed an epiglottic mass can be seen.
Neck, again no lymphadenopathy, however, there is a trache in midline.
He is tolerating his diet of pureed thickened solids and thin liquids quite well.
