The patient has not seen a physician in many years but had no known past medial history, no past surgical history, no known drug allergies and took no medications.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  She had several lacerations and ecchymoses of the face and head.
She was complaining of a headache as well as some abdominal pain and diarrhea for several days.
Her abdomen was soft but tender and she was guaiac positive on rectal examination.
A Foley catheter was placed with a minimal amount of urine retrieved.
While the CT scan of the head and C-spine revealed no abnormalities.
The emergency department ordered a renal ultrasound at this time to rule out an obstructive cause of anuria and a CT of the abdomen and pelvis with PO contrast were ordered.
While awaiting the report of the CT scan however, the patient became acutely hypoxic with oxygen saturations in the 80's and was emergently intubated.
The CT scan demonstrated thickened small bowel, and large amount of ascites (of note, the patient was severely hypoalbuminemic of uncertain etiology).
A surgical consult was obtained at approximately 8 p.m. to evaluate the patient for possible ischemic bowel.
The patient was septic but the source uncertain in this patient with pyuria.
A repeat CT scan of the abdomen and pelvis with contrast down to the rectum now revealed stable small bowel thickening but also thickening of the transverse colon, sigmoid and rectum.
There was a question of whether there was dusky discoloration at 15 cm but this was not clear.
Therefore a stat GI consult was obtained to perform a colonoscopy and evaluate the extent of colonic involvement.
The colonoscopy demonstrated an area of 15 to 20 cm of mucosal discoloration with more proximal mucosal edema and friability in the splenic flexure descending colon and sigmoid, consistent with ischemia.
Based on the above as well as persistent acidosis the patient was taken emergently to the operating room for exploration.
On entering the abdomen, a large amount of ascites was discovered with turbid fluid in the pelvis.
The liver was studded with multiple white/tan firm nodules, later confirmed to be metastatic adenocarcinoma.
While the descending colon and proximal sigmoid were edematous with areas consistent with ischemia, there was no full-thickness involvement.
However at the rectosigmoid junction there was an area of congested purple appearance of the bowel that felt circumferentially firm and worrisome for malignancy.
She continued to have a large fluid requirement to maintain adequate filling pressures, cardiac index and tissue perfusion by SGO2 and received over 15 liters of crystalloid during the first 24 hours of her admission.
1, she was having increased peak airway pressures above 40 cc of water as well as multiple bladder pressure measurements over a 2 hour period, greater than 40 cm of water.
Unfortunately these improvements were short lived and she progressively deteriorated developing refractory hypotension and acidosis requiring maximal amounts of vasopressor and Levophed to maintain adequate blood pressure.
2, she had a cardiac arrest.
Ischemic colitis and enteritis.
Metastatic colorectal adenocarcinoma with malnutrition,     ascites.
Sepsis and shock.
