Right immediate reconstruction of acquired absence of     breast with deep inferior epigastric perforator flap     reconstruction.
Right partial rib harvest.
Closure of the abdominal donor site   History of Present Illness: The patient is a 63-year-old woman with a history of right breast cancer who is interested in bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction.
Also includes mitral valve prolapse.
ALL:  She is allergic to Percodan.
Inspection and palpation of skin reveals no evidence of any rashes, ulcer or lesions.
No palpable lymph nodes in neck and axilla.
Her neck has full range of motion, supple, no evidence of thyromegaly.
There is no evidence of any tenderness, asymmetry.
She has no evidence of any masses.
She has a small umbilical hernia.
There is no evidence of any hepatosplenomegaly, rash, intertrigo.
She has a well-healed lower midline incision from a previous ovarian cyst and appendectomy.
There is no evidence of any extremity varicosities.
Respiratory effort is normal with no intercostal retractions.
There is no evidence of any peripheral edema, digital cyanosis, or lymphadenopathy.
Neuro: Post-operatively, the patient received Dilaudid IV/PCA with good effect and adequate pain control.
The patient's temperature was closely watched for signs of infection.
At the time of discharge on POD#, the patient was doing well, afebrile with stable vital signs, tolerating a regular diet, ambulating, voiding without assistance, and pain was well controlled.
5. hydromorphone 2 mg Tablet Sig: 1-2 Tablets PO Q4H (every 4 hours) as needed for pain for 2 weeks: do not drive or drink alcohol while taking this medication.
No pressure on your chest or abdomen 9.
You may take your prescribed pain medication for moderate to severe pain.
You may switch to Tylenol or Extra Strength Tylenol for mild pain as directed on the packaging.
Take prescription pain medications for pain not relieved by tylenol.
Do not drive or operate heavy machinery while taking any narcotic pain medication.
You may have constipation when taking narcotic pain medications (oxycodone, percocet, vicodin, hydrocodone, dilaudid, etc.
Signs of infection: fever with chills, increased redness, welling, warmth or tenderness at the surgical site, or unusual drainage from the incision(s).
A large amount of bleeding from the incision(s) or drain(s).
Severe pain NOT relieved by your medication.
Return to the ER if: * If you are vomiting and cannot keep in fluids or your medications.
* Any serious change in your symptoms, or any new symptoms that concern you.
