Diabetes mellitus type 2.
Status post goiter removal.
Gastric adenocarcinoma - lienitis plastica type - status post total gastrectomy, J tube placement.
Atrial fibrillation - resolved.
Bilateral pleural effusions.
Urinary tract infection.
Diabetes mellitus type 2.
Status post goiter removal.
ADMISSION HISTORY AND PHYSICAL:  The patient is an 80 year-old female who presented initially for surgical evaluation after having a workup for postprandial abdominal pain, which found a gastric mass on gastrointestinal series.
CT subsequently revealed a large gastric mass with increased soft tissue density within the transverse colon.
The patient subsequently had an esophagogastroduodenoscopy, which showed a submucosal infiltrative circumferential mass of malignant appearance in the antrum and stomach body pathology of which showed an adenocarcinoma of the signet ring cell type with chronic inactive gastritis.
The patient therefore was evaluated for a subtotal versus total gastrectomy.
The neck was supple without mass, nodules or thyromegaly.
The abdomen was soft with an upper abdominal mass, which was consistent with the distal stomach, which felt firm.
There is a well healed lower midline scar.
There were no other masses.
There was no ascites and the extremities showed no clubbing, cyanosis or edema.
There was mild to moderate tremor noted to be present.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted on [**2139-12-15**] and on that same day underwent a total gastrectomy with placement of a feeding jejunostomy without note of intraoperative complications.
Intraoperatively it was noted that there was a large tumor of the stomach, which was of lienitis plastica type, which involved mostly the distal stomach, but notably the lesser curvature of the stomach was also involved without lymphatic - type invasion, which made a subtotal gastrectomy impossible.
The celiac access was noted to be quite firm, but there were no obvious liver mets.
She refused any sort of transfusion of blood products, therefore there was a concern of any sort of bleeding that the patient might encounter.
Postoperatively her hematocrit was 29, which the patient was tolerating well with satisfactory O2 saturation and no other evidence of tachycardia or hypoxia.
In the initial postoperative phase she was mildly volume depleted for which she was hydrated resulting in good urine output.
Neurologically:  Her pain was initially controlled with an epidural, which was subsequently discontinued and she was switched over to intravenous pain medications followed by po pain medications without any sort of difficulty.
She did notably experience some mental status changes, which seemed to resolve after treatment for urinary tract infection she had postoperatively and also reduction in the patient's narcotics.
Respiratory:  The patient had persistent O2 requirement several days after surgery.
The chest x-ray revealed bilateral pleural effusions, but it was deemed that thoracentesis would not be indicated in her case.
At the time of discharge she did have moderate bilateral pleural effusions, but was satting in the mid 90% on room air.
Cardiac:  The patient did develop some postoperative atrial fibrillation with rates as high in the 150s.
She was ruled for myocardial infarction with the serial cardiac enzymes.
Her upper gastrointestinal study on postoperative day six evidenced no leak or stricture.
In addition to this she was being given post gastrectomy diet, which she was tolerating without any nausea or vomiting.
She was diuresed as needed with Lasix secondary to volume shifts from the postoperative fluid that she had received in order to avoid any sort of volume overload.
Infectious disease:  The patient's only postoperative complication was a urinary tract infection, which was treated with Levofloxacin and discontinuation of the Foley.
By postoperative day nine the patient had been afebrile and had remained in sinus rhythm for several days and otherwise with good blood pressures and had been making excellent urine and tolerating a post gastrectomy diet without difficulty.
