This pregnancy was notable for spontaneous diamniotic-dichorionic twining and cervical shortening, which was followed with serial scans.
The decision was made to deliver on the day of delivery due to continued cervical dilatation.
Bilateral red reflex intact.
RESPIRATORY: Breath sounds clear and equal with no retractions.
ABDOMEN: Soft, non distended with no masses.
SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEMS:  Respiratory: The infant developed respiratory distress on admission to the NICU.
At that time caffeine citrate was started prior to extubation due to concerns for apnea of prematurity.
The infant has been spell free since that time and only has had some issues with desaturation during feeds, which were associated with feed discoordination.
These also gradually improved, and by the time of discharge, infant had not had any significant desaturation episodes noted for over 5 days.
Of note, the infant was noted at times to have mild inspiratory stridor; this was not associated with respiratory distress or desaturation.
The stridor was thought to be most consistent with mild laryngomalacia, and can be followed clinically.
Calories were subsequently concentrated to 24 calorie/ounce breast milk or PE 24.
GI: The infant developed hyperbilirubinemia with a peak bilirubin level of 11.6/0.3 and received 4 days of phototherapy.
The hyperbilirubinemia is a resolved issue at this time.
Infectious disease: A CBC and blood culture were screened on admission to the NICU due to the preterm labor and respiratory distress.
There have been no further issues with sepsis while in the NICU.
Ophthalmology: The initial ophthalmologic exam was done on [**2116-11-16**] revealing immature retinas in both eyes, but no retinopathy of prematurity.
3) Chronic lung disease or 4) Hemodynamically significant congenital heart defects.
Before this age and for the first 24 months of a child's life immunization against influenza is recommended for household contacts and out of home caregivers.
Respiratory distress syndrome, resolved.
Apnea or prematurity, resolved.
Left arm strawberry hemangioma present.
Anemia of prematurity, ongoing.
