He underwent a TURBT for hematuria that ultimately revealed a grade [**2-21**] muscle invasive bladder carcinoma.
He had a preoperative CT scan that showed no evidence of lymphadenopathy.
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  He had a circumcision at age 27.
ABDOMEN:  Soft, nontender, no palpable masses, no costovertebral angle tenderness, no inguinal lymphadenopathy.
GENITOURINARY:  Normal phallus, meatus and testes, no inguinal hernia.
RECTAL:  Normal tone, 35 gm prostate, no nodularity, no hemorrhoids, guaiac negative.
EXTREMITIES:  Neurologically moves all four extremities without difficulty, normal gait, otherwise intact grossly, no cyanosis, clubbing or edema.
PULMONARY:  Clear to auscultation bilaterally, no evidence of wheeze, crackle, rhonchi.
It was ultimately determined that he would undergo an orthotopic diversion and a continent cutaneous diversion with ilial loop.
Preoperatively, electrocardiogram showed no ST-T wave changes, normal sinus rhythm, normal axis, no history of Q-wave.
Specimens from the operation included the bladder prostate, bilateral pelvic lymph nodes and distal ureteral cuff margins x2.
His pain was being controlled.
Subsequently during his postoperative QRC, he was changed over to a patient controlled analgesic apparatus.
He was on no beta blockers and no electrocardiogram changes were noted postoperatively.
He was given an aggressive pulmonary toilet, including prn albuterol and Atrovent nebulizer treatments, incentive spirometry, chest physiotherapy and early mobilization.
FLUIDS, ELECTROLYTES AND NUTRITION AND GASTROINTESTINAL: The patient had a protracted postoperative ileus.
There was some wound erythema and drainage noted by postoperative day #5.
It showed no large collection, but there was a small abnormal amount of fluid in the pelvis.
There was a question of an anastomotic leak at the level of the neobladder.
If there was a small leak, the patient was recommended to continue his nasogastric tube to suction, bowel rest, intravenous fluids, TPN and to add some somatostatin.
The wound itself, erythema and leak ultimately subsided and was not putting out much and he was given bowel rest over the next several days.
Ultimately, by postoperative day #11, it was likely that this patient did in fact have an enterocutaneous fistula, status post cystoprostatectomy.
It was presumed after analysis of the JP fluid with his creatinine values being somewhat elevated that there was an additional leak from the neobladder.
CT scan at that time did not show any evidence of leak.
At this point, it was clear that he had a enterocutaneous fistula that was widely draining.
His pain was being controlled with PCA.
The contents revealed an amylase value of as high as 24,000 with a lipase in the thousands as well.
It was felt that the stimulation of his bowel and the pancreas and the secretion distally may be in fact be detected in our assays from the wound and from the JP.
There was no nasogastric tube, no A-line.
The patient understands that he will require a future operation and given the type of procedure that he had, there was a high degree of risk for complication postoperatively which he ultimately suffered from.
Mucomyst 20% 5 cc solution diluted, 30 cc normal saline to be flushed through the suprapubic tube and Foley catheter for mucous plugging.
Muscle invasive bladder cancer 2.
Status post radical cystoprostatectomy with ilial neobladder and urethral anastomosis complicated by postoperative enterocutaneous fistula and question enterovesical fistula, vesical being the neobladder in this instance, not his native bladder as that was removed.
