The patient is without specific complaints and thinks he was referred for his colon.
The patient endorses an 18 pound weight loss over a six month period and was found to have a PSA of greater than 5000 on routine testing.
General, black man in no apparent distress.
Sclera anicteric.
No splenomegaly.
Extremities, warm and well perfused, flattening but no clubbing of the fingers.
No appreciable axillary, epitrochlear or popliteal lymphadenopathy.
Oncology - Given the patient's large nodular prostate, PSA was greater than 5000, weight loss and lymphadenopathy it was felt that the patient likely had metastatic prostate cancer.
This was further worked up with chest, abdomen and pelvis computerized tomography scans.
This demonstrated extensive retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy, extensive bone metastases, right lower lobe granuloma, asymmetric fullness of the left supraclavicular fossa, extensive lymphadenopathy in the abdomen and pelvis.
Bone scan was performed which demonstrated significant metastatic disease in the cervical, thoracic, lumbar spines, ribs and pelvis as well as distal right humerus.
A bone marrow biopsy was obtained which failed to demonstrate metastatic disease.
After correction of the patient's coagulopathy it was decided to take the patient to the Operating Room for confirmation with tissue biopsy and subsequent bilateral orchiectomy.
Post procedure, the patient had significant hematochezia in the setting of coagulopathy.
It was felt that the source of his bleeding from his biopsy site in the setting of this coagulopathy.
Anemia - The patient with a microcytic anemia.
Iron studies were consistent with anemia of chronic disease, though leaning towards iron deficiency anemia.
The patient also may have had a low level of disseminated intravascular coagulation though LDH, haptoglobin and his peripheral smear was not consistent with hemolysis or micro angiopathic anemia, bone marrow involvement of prostate cancer is possible.
The smear did not show signs of myelophthisis nor does his bone marrow biopsy confirm this.
His anemia was then complicated by post procedure bleeding as addressed above.
It was felt that the patient was in a state of fibrinolysis secondary to his high tumor burden and low-grade DIC.
Again as above the patient was treated for bleeding in the setting of coagulopathy.
Dysuria - The patient had complaints of dysuria post procedure, urine culture and urinalysis argued against a urinary tract infection but the patient did receive Ciprofloxacin for his procedure.
Metastatic prostate cancer 2.
Anemia of chronic disease 3.
