HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 42-year-old male with no significant past medical history who presents with 3 weeks of fevers, diarrhea, and abdominal pain.
The patient was in his usual state of health until approximately 3 weeks prior to admission when he noted the onset of left lower quadrant abdominal pain.
He also noted profuse diarrhea with approximately 5 to 8 bowel movements per day.
He described his stool as tan and watery and intermittently greenish in color.
He also noted high fevers as high as 102 at home.
He had an abdominal CT, which did note some large lymph nodes in his abdomen, but otherwise no focality.
He also had an upper GI series with a small bowel followthrough study, which showed some duodenal thickening, and otherwise was unremarkable.
Initially, he had several days without diarrhea on this regimen and also improvement in his fevers for several days; however, then his diarrhea returned as above.
In addition to his loose green stools, which he noted to be foul smelling, and he also had increased flatulence.
He denied any bright red blood per rectum or melena.
His abdominal pain continued as noted as above.
He also continued to have high fevers to 102 for approximately the week prior to admission.
He also noted some chills and night sweats with these fevers.
He had approximately a 10-pound weight loss over the previous few weeks.
He also noted general fatigue and weakness and malaise since his symptoms began.
He also notes mild anorexia over the previous few weeks.
No history of similar symptoms.
No nausea or vomiting.
No shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, headache, dizziness or other complaints.
History of abnormal LFTs, approximately 6 years prior to admission, reportedly with negative liver biopsy.
History of mononucleosis in [**8-14**].
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
No recent travel.
GENERAL:  A cachectic and ill-appearing male, appearing mildly uncomfortable.
Bilateral temporal wasting and dry mucous membranes.
No murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Minimally tender to palpation in the left lower quadrant without any rebound tenderness or guarding.
No clubbing, edema or cyanosis.
SKIN: Very faint trace maculopapular rash on bilateral upper extremities with dry skin.
The patient admitted with approximately 3 weeks of left lower quadrant abdominal pain in concurrence with high-grade temperatures and profuse diarrhea.
At the time of presentation, the patient did not have any focal findings on his abdominal exam, however, there was concern for underlying pathology.
Given his ill-appearance, high- temperatures, and constellation of clinical symptoms, there was concern for an acute infection following attainment of cultures.
Repeat abdominal CT was obtained, which again showed diffuse lymphadenopathy in the mesentry with the largest node seen in the left lower quadrant measuring approximately 2.9 x 2.0 cm.
There were, otherwise, no focal findings on the CT.
These were significant only for an elevated LDH, which was found to be 394.
The patient continued to have progressive abdominal pain and was somewhat tender on exam.
Given his some abnormal findings on CT and continued diarrhea, the patient underwent an exploratory laparotomy.
Upon opening of the abdomen, we noted to have thick purulent fluid in his abdomen, and he was then converted to an open abdominal surgery.
He was found to have approximately 20 masses in his abdomen and 4 areas of microperforation, which were resected.
Multiple biopsies were also obtained.
He did continue to spike fevers following antibiotics.
Repeat cultures and other infectious workup was nonrevealing and thought his fevers were most likely related to his oncologic diagnosis as opposed to any active infection.
The patient newly diagnosed with celiac sprue.
He was placed on a low-gluten diet and had multiple nutrition counseling sessions.
Given his weight loss and uncompromised clinical status, he was started on TPN for supplemental nutrition.
The patient developed an abdominal wound infection at the site of surgical closure, this was also complicated by wound dehiscence.
Following completion of IV antibiotics and dressing changes, his wound did slowly heal.
At the time of dictation, his wound infection continues to resolve.
The patient was sinus tachycardic throughout the hospitalization, which was more pronounced in the setting of his fevers.
Initially, there had been concern for a pericardial effusion following a CT; however, on echo found this to be an artifact and there was no evidence of a pericardial effusion.
His tachycardia was thought to be most likely due to his underlying malignancy.
He continued to receive supportive care and had no symptoms or hemodynamic compromise related to his tachycardia.
Chest x-ray and CT scans with no other foci of infection noted.
Given the negative infectious workup, his fevers were thought to be most likely due to his underlying malignancy.
