Cerebrovascular accident, occurred eleven years ago.
There is minimal residual leg weakness on examination.
Diabetes for which the patient is taking oral agents.
Peripheral vascular disease with bilateral symptoms.
In general, the patient is an obese woman in no apparent distress.
She had no goiter and the neck was supple.
Respiratory: she was clear to auscultation bilaterally, had no wheezing and had positive mild bibasilar crackles.
Abdominal examination: obese, positive bowel sounds, nontender, nondistended, no hepatosplenomegaly, and no masses.
Extremities were warm and showed no cyanosis, clubbing or edema.
She also showed a smooth and accurate finger-to-nose test.
Chest x-ray did not show any evidence of consolidation or mass; however, there was question of mild pulmonary congestion.
In the Medical Intensive Care Unit subsequent nasogastric lavage was performed and revealed positive clots and blood in her gastric contents.
The colonoscopy revealed several non-bleeding polyps in the sigmoid colon which were not removed or biopsied.
The esophagogastroduodenoscopy revealed an ulceration located in the gastroesophageal junction which was not actively bleeding.
During the remainder of her hospitalization, her hematocrit remained stable and there was no evidence of further bleeding from this ulcer located at the gastroesophageal junction.
Pulmonary:  At the time of her hospitalization, the patient had been taking Robitussin for several days for a nonproductive cough.
During her hospitalization, the patient experienced significant shortness of breath and desaturations into the 80s on two to three liters of supplemental oxygen.
She also developed significant inspiratory and expiratory wheezes on examination, as well as mild bibasilar crackles thought to be related to mild congestive heart failure.
While she experienced continued dyspnea on exertion, her oxygen requirement decreased from four to one to two liters at the time of discharge.
Endocrine:  At the time of admission, the patient was started on an insulin sliding scale to control her blood glucose.
Cardiovascular:  While in the hospital, the patient underwent an echocardiogram, which revealed a mildly dilated left atrium, mild left ventricular hypertrophy, with mild systolic dysfunction and an overall left ventricular ejection fraction of 40%.
Resting wall motion abnormalities included mid and distal, septal and inferoseptal akinesis.
There was also moderate 2+ mitral regurgitation noted.
