HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 87 year-old gentleman with a history of hypertension and benign prostatic hypertrophy who presented to the [**Hospital1 190**] with a five day history of constipation.
The patient had reported having normal bowel movement with the symptoms starting five days prior.
He denies any diarrhea, bright red blood per rectum or melena.
Over the past five days the constipation has been accompanied by intermittent crampy periumbilical pain, positive nausea, no vomiting and anorexia.
He denies any fevers or chills, chest pain, shortness of breath.
The patient has been otherwise in his normal state of health until the symptoms started five days prior.
PAST SURGICAL HISTORY:  Significant for cystoscopy in the past for benign prostatic hypertrophy.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  The patient is awake, alert and in no acute distress.
No oral lesions.
No murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Abdomen is soft and distended with lower quadrant tenderness to palpation.
No peritoneal signs.
Electrocardiogram was sinus rhythm with a QTC which was .479 seconds with a supraventricular extra systoles.
No evidence of acute ischemia.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the Medical Service and the patient was given suppositories and enemas without results.
A surgical consult was obtained on hospital day number three after a barium enema was performed, which showed a 3 cm apple core lesion just distal to the splenic flexure.
Subsequent to the barium enema the patient did resume bowel function and felt slightly improved.
The patient did have a low grade temperature.
Chest x-ray revealed right opacity consistent with pneumonia.
No evidence of wall motion abnormalities.
He was deemed standard cardiac risk for surgery.
Intraoperative findings were significant for splenic flexure lesion and dilated proximal colon to ileum.
There was no evidence of metastatic disease.
This was thought to be secondary to either plugging from pneumonia or atelectasis.
The patient on follow up x-ray was found to have a continued right lower and partial right upper lobe infiltrates.
Due to the patient's outlook for extended intubation secondary to respiratory failure the patient was started on total parenteral nutrition for nutritional support and by postoperative day number five the patient had been weaned to pressure support of 5 and a PEEP of 5 with adequate O2 saturations and PAO2s.
The wound is clean, dry and intact.
Colonic obstruction status post subtotal colectomy.
Benign prostatic hypertrophy.
Respiratory failure secondary to pneumonia.
Right lower lobe pneumonia.
