HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  [**Known lastname 10733**] is an almost 3-month old former 28-week gestational age infant whose major health issue is some mild-to-moderate bronchopulmonary dysplasia which is resolving.
He was born at 560 g to a 41-year-old primigravida mom whose pregnancy was complicated by chronic hypertension, oligohydramnios, and notation of intrauterine growth retardation at 25 weeks.
Ultrasound four days prior to delivery showed decreased diastolic flow and fetal decelerations.
Labor history was remarkable for a cesarean section due to absent diastolic flow and abnormalities on fetal heart monitoring.
Skin was without lesions.
Cardiac examination evaluated normal first heart sound and second heart sound, without murmurs.
Genitalia was remarkable for a small phallus with chordae.
The infant had hypospadias, a urethral opening was approximately one-half the way down on the caudal side of the phallus.
The infant was admitted the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit for further management of prematurity and intrauterine growth restriction.
He weaned progressively on the ventilator over the course of his first night, but was maintained on synchronized intermittent mechanical ventilation due to problems with acidosis which developed over time.
He was approaching extubation when he became ill; likely due to Klebsiella pneumoniae.
He has a mild degree of tachypnea, but he is actually doing reasonably well with minimal retractions.
He is not on any diuretics, and he has had minimal apnea.
He also had a significant metabolic acidosis along with this.
He never had any signs or symptoms of a PDA.
There have been no other concerns from a cardiovascular standpoint, and today the infant is well perfused with no murmur and a benign cardiovascular examination.
With normal chromosomes, cortisol levels, subsequent glucoses, blood pressures, and with a phallus size which they deemed to be within the range of normal, they felt that there was no further endocrine workup needed at this time, and they signed off.
GENITOURINARY:  An abdominal ultrasound was done looking at internal structures due to the presence of small phallus.
There was an early suggestion of mild hydronephrosis, but repeat examination showed that this was actually normal.
He will be followed as an outpatient for his hypospadias.
He was briefly off of enteral feeds during his illness with Klebsiella pneumoniae, but this was only for four to five days.
Feeds were reinstituted while on the oscillatory ventilator since he did not show any signs of significant hypotension.
He seems to have normal growth plates with no evidence of splaying.
We are also doing liver function tests to look for any other etiology for an elevated alkaline phosphatase; although, there does not seem to be any evidence of cholestasis.
The infant is receiving supplemental vitamin E and iron in addition to MCT and HMF as part of his caloric supplementation.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  The infant had some hyperbilirubinemia, and phototherapy was instituted from day of life two through day of life six.
He had a fairly strong rebound, and hence was restarted on phototherapy from day of life 7 to day of life 20.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  The patient had a sepsis evaluation on the first day of life where he received seven days of ampicillin and gentamicin.
He was initially placed on ceftazidime when we received cultures that were positive for gram-negative organisms; not knowing whether this was pseudomonas or not.
He has not had any other infections since then.
It is likely that his growth restriction was due to maternal hypertension with uteroplacental insufficiency.
Respiratory distress syndrome evolving to bronchopulmonary dysplasia which is ongoing.
Sepsis evaluation completed.
Pneumonia with Klebsiella pneumoniae.
Elevated alkaline phosphatase.
