Coronary artery disease; status post coronary artery bypass graft.
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura.
A computed tomography scan demonstrated mediastinal lymphadenopathy.
The patient was found to have stage IIIB lung cancer and was treated with chemotherapy and radiation.
He has received serial computed tomography scans to follow his disease, and in [**2117-12-15**] was found to have a lesion in the right lung with a recent increase in size and a right lower lobe lesion.
The patient also noted to have a work-related asbestos exposure.
Coronary artery disease.
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura secondary to chemotherapy.
The patient was in no acute distress.
He had anicteric sclerae.
No wheezes, rhonchi, or rales.
There were no murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
Extremities showed no peripheral edema, and no deformity.
ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:  This is a 61-year-old gentleman status post chemoradiation treatment for stage IIIB lung cancer who now presents with a new enlarging right lower lobe lesion.
The patient was mildly hypotensive and had a reported history of hypotension after previous surgeries.
While the patient had a right-sided chest tube that was to suction while in the Postanesthesia Care Unit, the nursing staff noted the patient had a sudden increase in chest tube output of bright red blood.
A chest x-ray was obtained which showed no evidence of an effusion or hemothorax.
The patient was brought back to the operating room and was found to have bleeding from one of the port sites.
He was not tachycardic but continued to have persistently low blood pressures in the 90s/50 with mean arterial pressures in the 60s; requiring a Neo-Synephrine drip.
A postoperative chest x-ray was obtained which showed no change after removal of his chest tube.
The patient passed a voiding trial.
The patient was transferred to the floor off of all drips, tolerating a regular diet, and ambulating without assistance.
On postoperative day two, the patient was afebrile with stable vital signs.
