OLIGURIC RENAL FAILURE ISSUES:  The patient experienced total body overload secondary to aggressive fluid and blood resuscitation during her hospitalization, but she remained intravascularly depleted.
Some component of this reflects renal failure itself; although, there was likely a significant contribution of her propound malnutrition as her oral intake had been minimal.
We were also concerned that there may be some hemodynamic compromise with poor renal perfusion secondary to her clot burden; although, she remained otherwise hemodynamically stable with a normal blood pressure (although off her antihypertensive medications).
Given the patient's wishes to return home, and the fact that we were not currently in a hospice mode, will transition home with close followup and visiting nurses who can follow her blood pressure and her respiratory status.
I explained to her that over the coming weeks she may be at more risk for total body overload including congestive heart failure, and she knew to return to the hospital for those reasons.
In the meantime, we will discontinue any renal toxic medications and carefully monitor her urine output as can best be done from home.
HEMATOLOGIC ISSUES:  Bilateral deep venous thromboses and bilateral pulmonary emboli were likely secondary to her hypercoagulability secondary to metastatic pancreatic carcinoma.
GASTROINTESTINAL ISSUES:  The patient with some mild diarrhea during the latter week of her hospitalization.
This had decreased in frequency at the time of discharge.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE ISSUES:  The patient with evidence of a urinary tract infection versus Foley catheter contamination.
Will encourage by mouth and not limit the patient to a diabetic diet.
ONCOLOGIC ISSUES:  The patient with metastatic pancreatic carcinoma.
Her Glyburide was held for several days prior to discharge given her poor oral intake.
Metastatic pancreatic cancer.
Oliguric renal failure.
Bilateral deep venous thromboses.
Bilateral large pulmonary emboli.
Levaquin (to complete a 7-day course for a urinary tract infection).
