History of Present Illness: The patient is a 68-year-old male with a history of auto-immune hepatitis and cirrhosis who developed right upper quadrant abdominal pain.
An ultrasound demonstrated a large mass in the right lobe of the liver that on biopsy was consistent with hepatocellular carcinoma.
A CT scan of the chest and abdomen demonstrated no evidence of pulmonary metastases.
The patient had a large mass lesion measuring 12.7 x 9.2 x 11.2 cm arising primarily in the medial segment of the left lobe.
The mass lesion superiorly appears to abut not invade the right lobe of the liver.
The patient does not have evidence of portal hypertension.
Past Medical History: hyperchol, HTN, CAD s/p CABG (echo --> EF 50%), NIDDM  Social History: He has no history of alcohol use, smoking, IV drug use, tattoos, or marijuana use.
On POD 2, he remained afebrile and had good urine output.
He remained afebrile and toelrating a clear liquid diet.
He reported no flatus or bowel movements.
His [**Doctor Last Name **] drain continued to have minimal output and it was discontinued.
On POD 5, he remained afebrile and tolerating a diabetic diet.
He had a fleets enema with a resultant bowel movement and he was started on milk of magnesia.
His pain continued to be well-controlled.
He was deemed stable for discharge on POD 6, afebrile, tolerating a diabetic diet, ambulating well with good pain control.
Docusate Sodium 100 mg Capsule Sig: One (1) Capsule PO BID (2 times a day) as needed for constipation.
HOME MEDICATIONS Please resume all your previous home medications EXCEPT for a change in your insulin dosages.
Disp:*qs qs* Refills:*2*   Discharge Disposition: Home  Discharge Diagnosis: Autoimmune hepatitis HCC   Discharge Condition: Stable   Discharge Instructions: Please call your physician or go to the emergency room for the following: - chest pain - shortness-of-breath - increased redness or drainage from your wounds - temperature > 101.5 - inability to tolerate food - or other concerns .
