ASSOCIATED DIAGNOSES: Laryngeal papillomatosis.
Flexible fiberoptic laryngoscopy times two.
HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is a 30 year old gentleman with known laryngeal papillomatosis status post seven excisional procedures, now with known recurrences, who reports a new onset complaint of odynophagia and sore throat over the last three days.
He denies any shortness of breath.
The patient denies fevers, weight loss or any new medications.
He furthermore has not undergone any recent laryngeal procedures.
ALLERGIES:   No known drug allergies.
He uses minimal alcohol.
There is no shortness of breath, stridor or distress appreciated.
Nasal examination finds a moist mucosa with significant erythema throughout.
There is no evidence of purulent discharge.
Oral cavity and oropharynx examination reveal no lesions or exudate.
There is no asymmetry appreciated.
Examination of the neck reveals mild shotty lymphadenopathy bilaterally.
A mobile 1 cm lymph nodes at levels 2 and 3 is appreciated.
Fiberoptic examination was performed and was found to be remarkable for a normal appearing epiglottis, however, significantly swollen area of epiglottic folds as well as arytenoid complexes bilaterally.
The patient also has evidence of edema over the vocal cords bilaterally, associated with obvious papillomas on both vocal cords, right greater than left.
There is mild decrease in mobility of the vocal cords.
Examination of the extremities revealed no evidence of cyanosis, clubbing or edema.
In summary, the patient is a 30 year old with known laryngeal papillomatosis who now has the acute onset of symptoms and physical examination findings suggestive of supraglottitis.
The patient is found in no frank distress.
The patient, however, was very anxious about his stay in the hospital secondary to a lack of insurance.
Given the high degree of anxiety as well as the clinical improvement which was confirmed on repeat fiberoptic laryngoscopy examination (full resolution of arytenoid and area epiglottic fold edema), a compromise was reached by which the patient will be discharged on oral Medrol as well as high-dose Augmentin.
The patient is to follow-up with Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) 1837**] three days after discharge and earlier if any of his symptoms worsen or recur.
The patient has no dietary or activity restrictions.
