She was readmitted after being in rehabilitation for approximately 36 hours on the evening of [**6-24**] with complaints of the acute onset of shaking chills, rigors, a fever to 103 at the rehabilitation facility, as well as hypotension to the 70s systolic.
In the Emergency Department, she was found to be hypotensive with a systolic blood pressure to the 70s.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for chronic lymphocytic leukemia as well as a previous coronary artery bypass graft (as previously stated), hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis, and a previous history of esophageal dilatations.
LABORATORY DATA ON ADMISSION:  Urinalysis performed in the Emergency Department was positive for leukocyte esterase as well as nitrites.
SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the Cardiac Surgery Recovery Unit with a presumed diagnosis of urosepsis.
She ultimately required approximately 3 mcg/kilogram per minute of Neo-Synephrine and had a brief period during the first night of hospitalization where she was also requiring Levophed in addition for hypotension into the 70s.
The patient had a central line placed.
Also of note, upon admission to the hospital, she did have a white blood cell count in the 70s; and previously - because of her leukemia - had been running 30s to 50s.
We obtained an Infectious Disease consultation, and it was at their recommendation that we continue quinolone as well as vancomycin initially.
The levofloxacin was switched to ciprofloxacin while we were waiting for the final cultures because of the interaction with sotalol which she had been placed on during her previous admission for atrial fibrillation and a combination of prolongation of the Q-T interval less likely to occur with the combination of ciprofloxacin than it was with levofloxacin.
The patient subsequently had gram-negative rods in her blood as well as in her urine, and this has turned out to all be the same bacteria which was a resistant Escherichia coli sensitive to meropenem - which she was ultimately placed on.
A Hematology/Oncology consultation was also obtained due to a significantly elevated white blood cell count.
In addition, at the request of the family, a Urology consultation was obtained due to a history of recurrent urinary tract infections - approximately three in the past year.
A computed tomography was obtained a couple days later, and this did show air in the bladder which was felt by the radiologist to be either as a result of a recent Foley catheterization or bacteria.
She was also noted to have diverticular disease, although no active diverticulitis.
The patient was also followed by the Electrophysiology Service because she had some bradycardia into the 50s with her hypotension.
It was also the recommendation of the Urology Service as well as the Infectious Disease Service to continue suppressive antibiotic treatment due to her recurrent urinary tract infections.
It was the recommendation of the Infectious Disease Service to continue meropenem intravenously for a total of a 2-week course and then to convert her to Macrodantin by mouth for six months for chronic suppression of urinary tract infections.
No rubs or murmurs.
Her extremities were warm with no peripheral edema noted.
