The patient is an 83 year old male with a six week decline in language and motor coordination.
Family first noticed some word finding difficulty around [**Holiday 1451**] but more concerned about confusion of his orientation starting four to six weeks ago.
The patient also has headache and gait nystagmus thought to be secondary to his tumor, carotid stenosis and possible transient ischemic attack.
Large left hemispheric mass with edema and shift was noted.
There is concern of aphasia and the patient is unable to provide history.
There is increased tone in the lower extremities bilaterally.
There is a question of a slight right sided drift.
Cardiac is regular rate and rhythm, no murmurs.
On MR, there is a large 4.0 by 6.0 centimeter mass left parietal temporal frontal lobe, appears to arise from meninges, minimal in appearance by T1, edema on T2 and FLAIR that is enhancing with an irregular shape, no cystic component, midline shift with edema throughout left hemisphere.
Early on while in the Intensive Care Unit, the patient became delirious and concern of ethanol withdrawal was addressed.
The patient's operative procedure was initially delayed because there was concern the patient may have severe heart disease and arterial disease.
As the patient's surgical procedure approached, the patient had an acute myocardial infarction, being ruled in with cardiac enzymes, which put off his surgery for some time while the patient was treated and allowed to improve post myocardial infarction.
However, the patient developed fever and was determined to have positive blood cultures and positive sputum, sputum positive for gram negative rods, blood for gram positive cocci in pairs and clusters.
The patient was then confirmed to have pseudomonas in his sputum.
He also had a catheter tip with fifteen colonies of bacteria growing.
The patient remains in the Intensive Care Unit while on antibiotics and allowed to improve over time with regards to his myocardial infarction and pneumonia.
The patient had a slow recovery time as he remained very confused and somewhat somnolent postoperatively.
Also, postoperatively, the patient suffered from a ventricular tachycardia for which cardiology was consulted.
