The patient had a colectomy in [**2200-5-23**], for a splenic flexure carcinoma.
At that time, he had a small polyp in his sigmoid which had not been resected.
Diabetes mellitus.
The neck was notable for poor extension.
Chest was clear with distant breath sounds.
The abdomen was obese, with a midline scar with at least two areas of herniation.
There were no masses.
The extremities were without cyanosis, clubbing or edema.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient admitted with the diagnosis of colon carcinoma, for sigmoid colectomy following a prior resection.
He appeared to be diaphoretic and tachycardic.
He also was showing signs of some volume depletion.
The patient was then transferred to Surgical Intensive Care Unit where he had respiratory distress and was given intravenous resuscitation.
The working diagnosis at this time was that the patient had alcohol withdrawal originally, but then decompensated.
After some resuscitation, the patient underwent a CT scan which showed no evidence of extravasation of contrast.
Changes seen in the abdomen were consistent with his postoperative state.
He underwent an exploration of the right lower extremity and right femoral embolectomy and fasciotomy to the lower leg due to a poor blood flow.
He then developed increasing oliguria with a rising BUN and creatinine associated with a very elevated CPK of 28,000, which improved after his fasciotomies.
He then seemed to stabilize to some degree with his acute renal failure as well as question of septic picture.
A Quinton catheter was placed and the patient was dialyzed after some period of a bit more stability.
The patient developed increasing amounts of instability and was unable to be dialyzed.
He then became more unstable and a CT scan was performed, which showed a pelvic abscess consistent with an anastomotic leak.
This was drained radiologically when the patient was quite unstable and had an elevated coagulation profile.
This drainage was attempted because the patient was in florid sepsis and it seemed to be the only alternative to the potential of saving his life.
After the intervention, originally some bloody pus type fluid was removed, however, then he began to have increasing amounts of bleeding from the area.
Because of persistent septic picture and the inability to keep his blood pressure up despite maximum resuscitation, the patient was made comfort measures and allowed to expire.
The presumptive scenario was that the patient developed some alcohol withdrawal and decompensation leading to a low-flow state, which required vasopressors.
This caused the difficulties with his legs and elevated CPKs and thrombosis as well as a low flow state to the bowel which then progressed to a delayed anastomotic dehiscence with sepsis.
Delayed anastomotic dehiscence secondary to low flow.
Diabetes mellitus.
