He complained of early satiety and weight loss over a six-month period.
He was evaluated in [**State 108**] to have a  very  large left upper quadrant mass.
Metastatic workup revealed that the patient did not have any spread of disease.
The  patient  was  referred  to  the Surgical Service here in conjunction  with  the oncology service for management of his malignant mesothelioma.
PAST  MEDICAL  HISTORY:    History is significant for a small hiatal hernia, and hypertension.
ALLERGIES:  The patient has no known drug allergies.
He has no known asbestos exposure.
NECK: Neck  did  not  revealed any palpable lymphadenopathy.
There was palpable left upper  quadrant mass that was quite sizeable.
RECTAL:  Examination was guaiac negative with no masses.
The EKG showed sinus tachycardia with borderline LVH  and  some  minor  T-wave abnormalities.
He  underwent  a  helical  CAT  scan,  that  revealed a large heterogenous  mass  that  involved  multiple  loops  of small bowel, stomach, spleen, left lobe of the liver.
During the preoperative period, the  patient did require a radiologic guided paracentesis for symptomatic  ascites.
However, it was  peeled  off  the stomach, small bowel, and the abdominal wall.
However, on  postoperative  day  #8,  when  the  patient  was awaiting transfer  to  a  rehabilitation  facility,  he became acutely shortness  of breath, manifested signs of peritonitis and had a  leukocytosis  into  the  40,000  range.
He was urgently transferred  to  the  ICU  and  re-intubated  for respiratory failure.
The patient had an abdominal CAT scan that revealed fluid  in  the  abdomen, consistent with an anastomotic leak.
However,  after approximately a week of managing this patient in the Intensive Care Unit using percutaneously placed drains and intraperitoneal antibiotic therapy, it was clear that the patient's sepsis was not going to resolve without laparotomy.
During  this  time,  the patient was placed on broad-spectrum antibiotic  and antifungal therapy.
Due to the patient's critical condition, and the fact that he was  not  improving  with an anastomotic leak on nonoperative therapy,  the  family  was  reapproached and the decision was made  to  take  this  patient  back to the operating room for urgent diversion.
Although, he did initially  experience  some  improvement,  he  had  continued respiratory  failure  with  subsequent pneumonia while on the ventilator.
Malignant peritoneal mesothelioma.
Status  post exploratory laparotomy, debulking of tumor and transverse colectomy.
Anastomotic  leak  requiring  re-exploration and urgent diverting colostomy.
Septic shock.
Nosocomial pneumonia.
Pneumothorax  status  post  central  line  placement, requiring temporary tube thoracostomy.
