Pulmonary:  On [**1-2**] the patient developed worsening respiratory distress with tachypnea and hypoxia.
She also had a temperature of 105 and chest x-ray revealed bilateral diffuse infiltrates.
She had worsening respiratory distress with continued hypoxia, which required intubation and transferred to the Intensive Care Unit.
She has a clinical diagnosis of adult respiratory distress syndrome with diffuse bilateral alveolar infiltrates and low PO2.
The most likely culprit was a hypersensitive reaction to numerous antibiotics, which the patient received in the past.
She was maintained on the ___________ protocol with low tidal volumes with high respiratory rate and in about three weeks we able to wean off her PEEP slowly.
Infectious disease:  The patient had a complicated course of antibiotics with multiple side effects.
She is believed to have adverse reactions to Meropenem, Levofloxacin, Penicillins, and Cephalosporins.
Those side reactions include a rash, high fevers, as well as hypersensitivity reaction that may have been contributing to her adult respiratory distress syndrome.
In the beginning of her Intensive Care Unit course she had no significant infections.
Toward the middle of her Intensive Care Unit course she developed a ventilator associated pneumonia and grew Enterobacter cloacae, which was gram sensitive and was being treated with Gentamycin.
One day prior to leaving the Intensive Care Unit she developed a gram positive cocci bacteremia with 4 out of 4 blood cultures positive for gram positive cocci.
She is currently on Vancomycin for gram positive cocci bacteremia and Gentamycin for Enterobacter cloacae __________ associated pneumonia.
Vitamin insufficiency:  Upon arrival to Intensive Care Unit the patient failed cord stim test and was therefore started on Hydrocortisone for seven days.
Upon completion of the course Hydrocortisone was stopped when she developed hypotension following that and required restarting of the Hydrocortisone.
Hypotensive:  The patient remained hypotensive for a considerable period of time.
This was believed to be secondary to a possible infection even though none was documented in the beginning or a part of her hypersensitivity reaction to numerous medications.
She required pressors for about two to three weeks, but those subsequently weaned off without any difficulty.
Adrenal insufficiency was another etiology that may have contributed to her hypotension.
No blast on peripheral smears.
She had transient leukocytosis during her hospital stay.
This was believed to be secondary to stress reaction, leukemoid reaction and oral steroid doses.
Elevated liver function tests:  The patient had elevated transaminase, which remained persistent, though relatively stable.
We followed those about every other day and showed no significant change.
Volume overload:  The patient received about 20 liters of fluid in the context of initial hypotension believed to be part of multiple septic picture.
She became significantly volume overloaded.
Adult respiratory distress syndrome.
Hypersensitive reaction to multiple antibiotics.
Gram positive cocci bacteremia.
Adrenal insufficiency secondary to possible sepsis.
