The patient has developed a large high frontal skull metastasis that is progressively growing on sequential scans despite systemic therapy.
A small amount of pneumocephalus persists in the surgical bed as well as intracranially.
A tiny amount of extraaxial hemorrhage along the margins of the craniotomy appears likely.
There is no shift of normally midline structures or evidence of acute major vascular territorial infarct.
Multiple additional calvarial metastatic lesions are reidentified including those to the clivus.
IMPRESSION: Status post right frontal craniectomy with a small amount of postoperative extraaxial hemorrhage along the craniectomy margin and pneumocephalus.
MRI Brain [**2112-5-13**]: FINDINGS: Since the previous study, the patient has undergone excision of right frontal bone metastatic lesion.
Postoperative changes with air and blood products in this region.
Small extra-axial subdural collection is also seen in this region, which is postoperative in nature.
There are no new areas of edema or parenchymal hemorrhage identified.
Again noted are multiple skull lesions with enhancement indicating bony metastasis including involvement of the clivus.
No acute infarct seen.
No infarct, mass effect, or hydrocephalus.
Brief Hospital Course: The patient was admitted for elective craniotomy and cranioplasty for resection of metastatic breast cancer to skull and brain.
The patient was voiding and eating on her own without difficulty prior to discharge.
Disp:*50 Tablet(s)* Refills:*0*   Discharge Disposition: Home  Discharge Diagnosis: metastatic breast cancer to skull and dura   Discharge Condition: Stable   Discharge Instructions: General Instructions  ??????
Exercise should be limited to walking; no lifting, straining, or excessive bending.
Increase your intake of fluids and fiber, as narcotic pain medicine can cause constipation.
New onset of tremors or seizures.
Any confusion or change in mental status.
Any numbness, tingling, weakness in your extremities.
Pain or headache that is continually increasing, or not relieved by pain medication.
Any signs of infection at the wound site: redness, swelling, tenderness, or drainage.
