He denies other symptoms at that time.
Chest x-ray revealed extensive bilateral pulmonary disease consistent with lymphangitic carcinomatosis and perhaps pulmonary edema.
Electrocardiogram demonstrated inferior ST elevation and ST depression in V2 and Q waves in the inferior leads.
He did have a history of an old inferior myocardial infarction.
CT scan of the chest was negative for pulmonary embolus.
Echocardiogram demonstrated ejection fraction of 50% with posterior wide hypokinesis, mild MR and mild TR.
Catheterization here revealed 60-70% lesion in the mid circ and distal circ in addition to the right coronary artery lesion.
The right coronary artery lesion was stented in two places with much difficulty.
In the holding area, he was noted to have decreased mental status and increased confusion.
He is a pleasant man in no acute distress.
Heart:  He had a regular, rate, and rhythm with a II/VI crescendo systolic murmur.
His lungs have bibasilar dry, rhonchorous, coarse throughout especially in the lower lobe.
Abdomen was soft, nontender, nondistended with positive bowel sounds with no hepatosplenomegaly.
He had no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema.
Metastatic prostate cancer with bone metastases to the right humeral.
Coronary artery disease status post myocardial infarction six years ago treated with medical therapy.
A recent ETT showed inferior fixed defects, ejection fraction of 50%.
High cholesterol.
ALLERGIES:  He has no known drug allergies.
It was thought that his O2 requirement could possible be due to a primary pulmonary process that could have been lymphangitic carcinomatosis or fibrosis, perhaps from her Taxotere therapy.
Patient was transfused 1 unit of packed red blood cells to maintain his hematocrit above 30 with a recent coronary event.
Reportedly at the outside hospital, the patient was found to have an atypical pneumonia.
He was discharged home in good condition after speaking with the patient's oncologist with close followup to further workup the primary lung process causing him to have a new oxygen requirement.
