HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  Patient is a 79-year-old woman with a history of hypertension, who three years ago underwent an emergency operation for a perforated diverticulitis resulting in an end colostomy and Hartmann's pouch.
On postoperative day 0, the patient had issues with low urine output and received multiple fluid boluses to maintain adequate urine output.
Additionally, it was noted that the patient had intraoperative bradycardia as well as ectopy, cardiac laboratories were sent and found to be within normal limits.
An epidural catheter was left in place, the patient had two JPs draining serosanguinous fluid, and she left the OR and PACU, and was transferred to the floor requiring O2 at 6 liters nasal cannula.
That night, the night float resident was called as the patient was found to be desaturating to 89% on 5 liters nasal cannula, and at this time, she was also complaining of shortness of breath and some persistent abdominal pain.
The chest x-ray revealed a right pleural effusion as well as a CHF-like pattern.
Later that day she was found once again to be tachypneic with desats to 85% on 100% nonrebreather as well as hypertensive to the 180s systolic.
The decision was made to intubate the patient in the ICU, which was accomplished without difficulty.
A search for the cause of her desaturations was made, and an echocardiogram was obtained revealing an abnormality of the septal motion and pattern of the right ventricle as well as mild left atrial dilatation, but was otherwise normal revealing normal left ventricular function with an EF greater than 55%.
A CT angiogram was performed that was negative for pulmonary embolus, however, was significant for opacification bilaterally of her lower lobes as well as right upper lobe consolidation that was consistent with a pneumonia.
On postoperative day three, she was noted to have several PAC's with ectopy on the monitor with an EKG revealing atrial fibrillation with a rapid ventricular response, as well as a left bundle branch block.
A cardiac consultation was obtained on the basis of her ectopy and their assessment revealed that her rhythm was consistent with episodes of atrial fibrillation with superimposed rate dependent left bundle branch block, with no evidence of ventricular tachycardia.
Her ventilator parameters were weaned on postoperative day eight, and she continued to have white secretions from her tube, but was otherwise tolerating intubation well and mouthing words to her family.
There were no new events on postoperative days nine or 10.
Her midline wound was found to be tender, hard, as well as mildly erythematous stretch of 2.5 cm.
The wound was then packed with wet-to-dry dressings that were changed on a t.i.d.
On postoperative day #12, the patient was transferred to the floor after a chest x-ray revealed improved right upper lobe aeration and improving consolidation in the lower lobes, but significant for persistent bibasilar consolidations.
She was sent home this day on postoperative day 14 with services for wet-to-dry dressing changes b.i.d., home Physical Therapy, and checks of her O2 saturation by visiting nurses.
for heart function.
prn shortness of breath or wheezing.
Activity: No heavy lifting or straining for two weeks until the midline abdominal wound heals.
The patient was instructed to call her physician or return to the Emergency Department if she developed any fever or chills, temperature greater than 101.5, shortness of breath or difficulty breathing, drainage or bleeding from the wound, or unable to eat or drink.
for midline abdominal wound as well as home PT.
