Pulmonary - The patient has a long history of smoking and has been diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in the past.
On presentation she was mildly tachypneic but sating at 96% on room air.
12 hours later after receiving roughly 500 cc of fluid and multiple nebulizers of Albuterol and Atrovent without relief, the patient suddenly became more tachypneic to 40 with 92 saturations dropping to the low 90s on 4 liters.
This exacerbation of her respiratory decline was likely due to a combination of factors, 1.
Diastolic dysfunction and congestive heart failure exacerbated by the frequent nebulizers of Albuterol, making her tachycardiac which has given her likely diastolic dysfunction, causing exacerbation of congestive heart failure.
She was subsequently also likely to have exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
In the Intensive Care Unit she was seen to have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation and congestive heart failure secondary to diastolic dysfunction.
The patient has had pulmonary function tests in the past but due to her mental status she was unable to fully cooperate with both tests.
Cardiovascular - The patient likely had an episode of congestive heart failure exacerbated by the tachycardia and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation.
In the Intensive Care Unit she had pulmonary artery catheter placed which demonstrated an elevated pulmonary capillary wedge pressure of 22 at peak and her cardiac output was 3.64 and cardiac index was roughly around 2.
She was diuresed several liters of fluid with improvement in her cardiac output and her cardiac index.
She probably has baseline both systolic dysfunction given her low cardiac index and diastolic dysfunction, although the diastolic dysfunction was difficult to appreciate due to the limitation of the echocardiogram.
The patient was ruled out for an myocardial infarction and as previously mentioned had a peak creatinine kinase of 340 and a peak troponin of .8 but this was likely due to her congestive heart failure.
In addition, the patient had had episodes of sinus tachycardia of unknown etiology and was treated with Diltiazem drip.
This was sort of in the place of her Metoprolol which had been discontinued considering the patient had had episodes of bronchospasm in the past by report while on beta blocker.
She appeared euvolemic and without evidence of congestive heart failure on [**2108-2-23**].
Infectious disease - The patient had been treated for bronchitis prior to admission.
Antibiotics were continued for two to three days after admission and then discontinued as it seemed less likely that the patient had infection and more likely chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation/congestive heart failure.
The patient has chronically elevated white count which per the daughter has been worked up incidentally in the past.
During the hospital stay her dose of Seroquel was increase as she had become somewhat agitated in the Intensive Care Unit likely the result of her elevated carbon dioxide which was then blown off while on CPAP.
though she remained somewhat lethargic on the day prior to admission.
Endocrine - The patient has diabetes and hypothyroidism.
She had a mildly elevated TSH at 13 which may, however, be normal for a woman her age.
Congestive heart failure 2.
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation 3.
Alzheimer's dementia 5.
Diabetes mellitus  DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS:  Will be listed at the time of discharge.
