He had reported loss of consciousness at the scene times two minutes.
He is complaining of right chest tenderness and pelvic pain.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Significant for colon cancer in [**2197**] for which he had a colectomy with diverting colostomy.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
No facial deformities.
He had a 3 cm laceration over the left forehead without any active bleeding.
Lungs were clear, but slightly decreased on the right side.
He had tenderness over his right anterior ribs without crepitance.
Abdomen was soft, nontender, nondistended without rebound or guarding.
He had multiple abrasions over his knees and shins.
His TLS was clear without any midline tenderness.
He had significant pain over his sacrum.
Urinalysis showed large blood and nitrate negative.
No rib fractures.
Pelvis showed bilateral superior and inferior pelvic rami fractures.
Left wrist films showed a left distal radius fracture and an ulnar styloid fracture.
CT of his head was negative for intracranial hemorrhage.
CT of his abdomen and pelvis revealed a left grade 3 laceration to the kidney as well as a large running perinephric hematoma.
Pelvis showed bilateral acetabular fractures, bilateral pubic rami fractures.
TLS spine films showed a question of a T12 fracture.
HOSPITAL COURSE:  The patient was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit for neurological checks and serial hematocrit.
Neurosurgery was consulted for his T12 fracture and they recommended a TLSO brace as he was neurologically intact.
We attempted to advance his diet and he found that he was nauseous and unable to tolerate this.
KUBs revealed air filled colon without significant dilated small bowel loops or air fluid levels.
Alkaline phosphatase was mildly elevated and total bilirubin was found to be 7.4 approximately half direct and half indirect.
Right upper quadrant ultrasound showed no ductal dilitation, normal echo appearance of the liver and no gallstones or gallbladder pathology.
Several days into his hospital course the patient noted a nontender swelling in the medial aspect of his scrotum.
Urology was following the patient and recommended a scrotal ultrasound, which revealed a epididymal hematoma.
The patient was placed on Lovenox for deep venous thrombosis prophylaxis as he will be on bed rest for three months for his orthopedic fractures.
At the time of dictation the patient is tolerating a regular diet without nausea or vomiting.
Please see the PT page for recommendations for specific rehabilitation plans, but currently the patient is nonweight bearing on bilateral lower extremities and left wrist for which he has a short arm cast.
