The patient was readmitted complaining of anxiety and feeling short of breath since being at home and described noting chest pain in the inferior aspect of the rib cage bilaterally which served as an intermittent pain and became pain that was not tolerable even with pain medication at home.
At that time, the patient denies having any fevers or chills but has nausea without any vomiting.
Given this intense pain and nonresolving nausea, the patient was unable to eat while being at home.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Her past medical history as noted above is significant for nonsmall cell carcinoma of the left upper lobe, Stage T4 with involvement of the left laryngeal nerve.
The patient was also noted to have a hiatal hernia and a history of radiation esophagitis.
The patient also has a medical history significant for hypertension and anxiety.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Significant for coronary artery disease and myocardial infarction at age 60 for father and breast cancer for mother.
The patient was alert and oriented times three and not in apparent distress at that time.
The patient's cardiac examination was sinus tachycardiac with regular rate and rhythm, S1 and S2, no murmurs appreciated.
There were no breathsounds appreciated on the left side, as expected.
The patient was slightly tender at the inferior aspects of the ribs bilaterally, near the incision sites.
Chest x-ray done at the Emergency Department showed large hydropneumothorax at the left lung fields with a fluid level noted at the extreme apex.
There was some displacement of the heart in the mediastinum to the right.
The right lung appeared well inflated and structurally unremarkable with minimal blunting of the costophrenic angle.
The patient was found to have fever on hospital day #2 with a temperature maximum of 102.2.
The gram stain analysis of the pleural fluid again showed 1+ PMNs and no microorganisms seen in the cultures of those pleural fluids.
Culture of the pleural fluid eventually grew back no aerobic or anaerobic bacteria and no fungus.
On hospital day #2 the patient also received packed red blood cell transfusions for a hematocrit of 25.4 and symptoms of shortness of breath and was found to have fevers with chills with a temperature of 103.1.
Later on that night, the patient remained tachycardiac to a heartrate of 130 to 140 and remained tachypneic with increasing oxygen requirement of 4 to 6 liters/minute, nasal cannula to remain saturated at 94%.
The patient was hypertensive as well with a systolic blood pressure to 170.
Stat chest x-ray showed a worsening mediastinal shift to the right, away from the left pneumonectomy site.
The patient also underwent an urgent transthoracic echocardiogram to assess the status of the right heart and that showed no obvious strains or ischemic events to the right side of the heart.
The patient underwent emergent thoracic angiogram to rule out any aneurysms of the thoracic aorta which was found to be negative.
Review of the transthoracic echocardiogram showed a global hypokinesis with an ejection fraction estimated at 25 to 30% with unknown etiology.
While the patient remained anxious as she had been throughout her admission and often not able to sleep at night, the patient did well on the floor.
Status post left intrapericardial pneumonectomy and left tension hydropneumothorax.
Congestive heart failure 3.
Hiatal hernia 5.
Hypertension  DISCHARGE MEDICATIONS: 1.
