HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is a 42-year-old male with no significant past medical history who presented after 3 weeks of intermittent fevers, diarrhea, and left lower quadrant abdominal pain.
At the ED, he had a CT, which showed large lymph nodes in the abdomen.
He has also done upper GI series, which was negative and a small bowel follow through, which showed some thickened bowel.
He described his diarrhea as loose, green, and extremely foul smelling, no blood or melena, but increased gas.
On Monday, prior to admission, the patient began to experience fevers again.
His temperature broke with Tylenol.
The patient also noted to have rash at this time.
He experienced abdominal pain again in the left lower quadrant.
On the 10th, he began to experience increasing chills and fevers and by the 11th, he was experiencing night sweats and making up temperatures.
The patient has had no history of GERD or history of H. pylori.
He has had no dysphagia or early satiety, but decreased appetite.
The patient has no history of IVD and no HIV risk factors.
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies.
Trachea midline.
No wheezes, crackles, or rales.
Cardiovascular, tachycardic, no murmurs, rubs, or gallops.
No cyanosis, clubbing, or edema.
Neuro, no focal deficits.
UA showed small amounts of blood with moderate bacteria.
CT showed mesenteric lymphadenopathy.
The patient had multiple tests sent, an LDH was initially sent, which was 396.
The differential was for malignancy, inflammatory bowel disease, or some kind of infection.
At the time of surgery, the surgeons found in a small bowel multiple perforations and masses adhered to the bowel, and this required four resections.
The patient also had an omental biopsy and a lymph node biopsy.
The pathology eventually returned as a T-cell lymphoma and celiac sprue.
He tolerated well without problems, and plans were made for the patient to have further CHOP in the future.
However, the patient's prognosis with this aggressive disease was relatively poor even with aggressive chemotherapy.
The patient had fevers prior to admission and then persistently had fevers.
In addition, the patient had a wound infection following his laparotomy.
The patient had multiple blood cultures, all of which were gram negative in addition to urine cultures and fungal cultures.
He had hepatitis serologies sent as well as multiple Clostridium difficile and ova and parasites.
ID felt that the patient was not currently infected, however, were concerned about bacterial seeding into the abdomen when his tumor shrinks from CHOP.
Following CHOP, the patient defervesced significantly, and it was felt that his fevers were consistent with his severe lymphoma.
He did receive an echo one time, which showed a small pericardial effusion though this was read as possibly an artifact.
The patient did have CTA during his hospital course, which demonstrated no pulmonary embolism.
The tachycardia was cleared to be compensatory to his fever and malignancy, and Cardiology consultation did not feel that treatment of this sinus tachycardia was necessary despite having persistent tachycardia to the 150s.
