The patient presented on [**2128-10-30**] with nausea, vomiting, and abdominal pain.
The pain was described as being in the midabdomen and occurs in waves.
The pain began last night.
PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  Past medical history is significant for esophageal cancer which was diagnosed approximately two weeks prior.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Family history is significant for a mom with ovarian cancer.
There was no icterus demonstrated.
The oropharynx demonstrated mucous membranes were dry.
Heart rate was regular in rate and rhythm without any associated murmurs, rubs, or heart sounds.
Her abdomen was distended, tympanitic, with percussion tenderness near the incision.
Extremities had trace edema bilaterally.
RADIOLOGY/IMAGING:   A KUB obtained in the Emergency Room indicated free air consistent with her laparoscopic operation.
It also demonstrated gastric dilatation and one small air/fluid level in the midabdomen.
HOSPITAL COURSE:   The patient was admitted to the Purple Surgery Service and treated with antiemetics, and medication, as well as intravenous hydration for possible postoperative ileus.
On hospital day two, she was noted to have increasing amounts of gastric dilatation and increasing amounts of discomfort, starting at approximately 11 o'clock that afternoon.
Notably, during the course of this operation her course was complicated by a aspiration upon anesthesia induction.
Approximately 2 liters of gastric content was estimated to have entered the lungs and was rapidly suctioned out; however, attempts at extubation failed, and the patient was ultimately transferred to the Intensive Care Unit with a presumed diagnosis of acute respiratory distress syndrome secondary to her aspiration.
An ultrasound was undertaken to rule out deep venous thrombosis.
A thrombus was seen within the distal jugular vein; consistent with deep venous thrombosis from the right brachial vein to the subclavian.
She was given oxygen therapy; predominately because of anxiety that she was dealing with over feelings of air hunger.
Esophageal cancer.
Status post jejunostomy tube placement and port placement complicated by small-bowel obstruction requiring re-exploration and jejunostomy tube revision, complicated by acute respiratory distress syndrome subsequent to aspiration.
