HISTORY OF PRESENT ILLNESS:  This is an 80-year-old gentleman with a history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, AAA repair in [**2096**], obstructive-sleep apnea on BiPAP, who was admitted to the Medicine service with complaints of fevers and cough productive of greenish sputum and weakness.
CT was performed, which confirmed the presence of this spiculated mass as well as subpathologic adenopathy.
Cardiology was consulted and medical management was recommended.
Patient was started on Heparin gtt.
The patient received amiodarone load with 300 mg and then was noted to have transient 2:1 block.
A temporary pacing wire was placed, and the patient was maintained on amiodarone gtt.
Levofloxacin 500 mg one p.o.
Flagyl 800 mg one p.o.
Aspirin 325 one p.o.
Isosorbide dinitrate 10 t.i.d.
Hydralazine 25 t.i.d.
Lopressor 25 b.i.d.
Iron sulfate 350 t.i.d.
Lexapro 20 q.d.
Abdominal AAA status post surgical repair.
HOSPITAL COURSE BY SYSTEMS:  The patient was brought to the CCU and temporary pacing wire was placed, and the patient was maintained on an amiodarone gtt.
He was subsequently maintained on amiodarone as well as lidocaine gtt.
was D/C'd and patient was continued on his amiodarone gtt.
Post defibrillation, the patient was maintained on amiodarone IV gtt.
amiodarone as well as mexiletine.
Patient had a left main coronary artery stenosis of 30 percent, LAD 80 percent heavily calcified stenosis of D2 with 50 percent stenosis, left circ with moderate diffuse disease.
RCA total occlusion proximally with left-to-right collaterals.
The patient underwent Hepacoat stent deployment in the LAD.
Post procedure, the patient was maintained on amiodarone p.o.
He was initially maintained on Natrecor with Lasix prn, but then later changed to Lasix prn.
Patient has very good urine output with Lasix prn, and by time of discharge was nearly euvolemic.
Patient was maintained on O2 by nasal cannula and BiPAP at night.
For his presumed post obstructive pneumonia, the patient completed a seven day course of levofloxacin and Flagyl.
Patient was treated with oxacillin for seven days for right upper extremity cellulitis.
The patient was maintained on iron sulfate t.i.d.
Patient was maintained on aspirin.
This patient was maintained on his Lexapro.
Patient was maintained on pneumoboots, subQ Heparin later changed to Lovenox given patient's presumed hypercoagulability with lung mass as well as bowel regimen.
The presumed diagnosis was malignancy, however, tissue diagnosis was not pursued given that the Interventional Pulmonary consult team felt that this such a procedure would not be prudent given the patient's peri-MI state as well as his history of arrhythmias.
Amiodarone 400 one p.o.
Isosorbide dinitrate 10 one p.o.
Metoprolol 25 one p.o.
Potassium chloride 20 one p.o.
Hydralazine 25 mg one p.o.
Plavix 75 mg one p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg one p.o.
Iron sulfate 325 mg one p.o.
Meclizine 25 mg one p.o.
Lexapro 10 mg one p.o.
He will also have followup setup with the Pulmonary Clinic.
DISCHARGE DIAGNOSES:  Myocardial infarction status post stent to left anterior descending artery.
