Cardiology was consulted and patient was started on Heparin and renally dosed 2b3 inhibitor.
Lantus 36 units q. h.s.
Lytes:  136 for sodium, potassium 6.5, chloride 96, bicarbonate 30, BUN 51, creatinine 2.2, glucose 150.
He had a right heart coronary angiography, rotablator, and drug-eluting stent of proximal mid left anterior descending.
His pulmonary capillary wedge was 10, PA pressure 27/12, mean was 19, and the results of the catheterization were as follows:  Left anterior descending 90 percent proximal long, 70 percent mid, diffuse disease distally up to 80 percent first diagonal, 70 percent proximal, 90 percent distal of the left circumflex, and 99 percent PDA bifurcating obtuse marginal 1 with 80 percent upper branch and 70 percent lower branch, right coronary artery 100 percent origin, probably nondominant.
Post myocardial infarction patient was maintained on an intra- aortic balloon pump.
The patient had three TAXUS stents placed to his left anterior descending.
The patient was started on Levophed as well as Dopamine.
He was taken to the Catheterization Lab for a re-look which revealed that all stents were patent, and at that time he was placed on an intra-aortic balloon pump.
Patient returned to the CCU on Levophed and Dopamine as well as a balloon pump.
He received four units of packed red blood cells, four units of fresh frozen plasma, one bag of platelets, 10 units of vitamin K.  Had a CT which was positive for right-sided intrapleural hematoma as well as an extra pleural hematoma.
On discussing the case with the Cardiac Medicine team that initially had the patient overnight, it became evident that patient had a ventricular fibrillation arrest in the Emergency Room and did received chest compressions for a short period of time.
In total, patient received a total of 12 units of packed red blood cells, 12 units of platelets, four bags of fresh frozen plasma, and vitamin K.  Post myocardial infarction patient was weaned off of his intra-aortic balloon pump.
Captopril was held off given the patient did have chronic renal insufficiency.
Lasix and later changed to Natrecor along with p.r.n.
Lasix boluses.
Patient also had a Swan placed as line status and his numbers were as follows:  RV 30, number 12 at 30 cm, pH 139/21 at 42 cm, pulmonary capillary wedge 15 at 53, cardiac output 9.1, index 4.2, and SVR 413.
Patient was placed on broad spectrum antibiotics including Levofloxacin, Vancomycin, and Flagyl.
Patient's cardiac output and index continue to improve on antibiotics and by date of transfer his cardiac output was 6.2, index 2.89, SVR 890.
Patient was replaced on Lasix GTT and diuresed well.
Electrophysiology was consulted and felt that patient would likely need an ICD once extubated and medically stable.
Pulmonary:  For patient's right-sided hemothorax patient had chest tubes placed by Cardiothoracic Surgery.
Patient initially had aggressive output, but then output fell.
A video-assisted thoracic surgery was performed with drainage of bloody fluid.
Post VATS right-sided chest tubes were placed.
The case was discussed with Cardiothoracic Surgery who felt that patient did not have evidence of active bleeding.
Patient's chest tubes were pulled.
Changing him to pressure support was attempted.
Renal failure:  Patient's renal failure was improving on Lasix at time of discharge from the Cardiac Care Unit.
Diabetes:  Patient was maintained on an insulin GTT.
Patient was initially maintained on tube feeds later changed to Nepro with ProMod.
He had a PEG placed on [**2170-5-17**].
Other sources of infection were felt to include patient's hemothorax as well as chest tube insertion sites as those areas had some mild purulent discharge which was managed by wound care.
The patient was maintained on Levofloxacin, Vancomycin, and Flagyl and then later changed to Levofloxacin and Vancomycin by time of transfer to the Medical Intensive Care Unit.
Acetaminophen liquid 650 q.
Aspirin p.r.n.
Isosorbide dinitrate 40 mg one p.o.
Lansoprazole 30 mg one p.o.
Levofloxacin 250 mg one IV q.
Metoprolol 50 mg one p.o.
Atorvastatin 40 mg one p.o.
Calci-Mix 1334 one p.o.
Plavix 750 mg one p.o.
Docusate 100 mg one p.o.
Furosemide GGT 10 mg per hour.
Insulin GTT.
Paxil 20 mg one p.o.
Vancomycin 1000 units one IV q.
