The patient received no insulin on the night prior to admission or on the day of admission.
Lipitor 10 mg by mouth once per day.
Iron sulfate 325 mg by mouth once per day.
Lamictal 75 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Protonix 40 mg by mouth once per day.
Zoloft 200 mg by mouth once per day.
Renagel 800 mg by mouth three times per day.
Zyprexa 20 mg by mouth once per day.
Calcium carbonate 500 mg by mouth three times per day.
Insulin 30 units subcutaneously of NPH and 10 units subcutaneously of regular in the morning; 10 units subcutaneously of NPH and 10 units subcutaneously of regular at night.
On admission, the patient was placed on an insulin drip for control of her blood sugars.
Eventually, the patient was transitioned to her regular home doses of NPH and regular insulin.
At the time of discharge, the patient had good control of her blood sugars.
Interventional Radiology placed a stent.
The patient was taken back for a repeat fistulogram.
At that time, Interventional Radiology decided to administer t-[**MD Number(3) 102035**] patient to improve flow in the arteriovenous fistula.
The patient was monitored in the Medical Intensive Care Unit during t-PA.  She was noted to bleed profusely from the arteriovenous fistula due to t-PA and required 3 units of packed red blood cells.
CONDITION AT DISCHARGE:  Condition on discharge was stable; the patient was ambulating with good control of her blood sugars, and arteriovenous fistula was patent.
Atorvastatin 10 mg by mouth once per day.
Ferrous sulfate 325 mg by mouth once per day.
Lamotrigine 75 mg by mouth at hour of sleep  4.
Pantoprazole 40 mg by mouth once per day.
Sertraline 200 mg by mouth in the morning.
Olanzapine 10 mg by mouth at hour of sleep  7.
Docusate 100 mg by mouth twice per day.
NPH insulin 30 units subcutaneously in the morning and 10 units subcutaneously in the evening.
Regular insulin 10 units subcutaneously in the morning and 10 units subcutaneously in the evening.
Renagel 800-mg tablets three tablets three times per day (with meals).
Metoprolol 75 mg by mouth twice per day.
Calcium carbonate 500-mg tablets two tablets by mouth three times per day (with meals).
