She had taken Bactrim prophylaxis with this cystoscopy, but otherwise no antibiotic prophylaxis.
A review of systems was significant for dysuria and frequency for the previous few days.
She was enrolled in a sepsis protocol given her fever, leukocytosis, and a lactate greater than 4.
Her blood pressure initially responded to fluid boluses but then trended down to the 90s systolic.
She was then started on Levophed for pressor support which had to be titrated up to 4 mcg a minute to maintain mean arterial pressures of greater than 60.
She was given ceftriaxone, and vancomycin, and levofloxacin as per sepsis protocol.
Her lactate did trend down to 1.4 following aggressive fluid resuscitation.
The patient was subsequently admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for management given her presumed septic shock.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:   Zyprexa, Protonix, nadolol, Celexa, Sonata, and Bactrim prophylaxis.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Temperature was 99.5 with a temperature maximum of 101.9, her blood pressure was 119/37, her pulse was 65, her respiratory rate was 22, and her oxygen saturation was 99% on 2 liters of oxygen via nasal cannula.
Extremities revealed trace lower extremity edema bilaterally, warm, left radial artery line in place.
The patient with a history of urosepsis, admitted following a cystoscopy with only Bactrim prophylaxis with probable bacteria feeding her blood.
This was sepsis clinically tailored to only Levaquin and vancomycin.
The patient was initially started on Levophed for pressure support in the Emergency Department given her hypotension despite aggressive fluid resuscitation.
On the day of admission to the Medical Intensive Care Unit, the patient's blood pressure did stabilize and she was weaned off pressure support within one day.
Her vancomycin was subsequently discontinued as her cultures remained negative for any vancomycin-sensitive organisms.
Initially, her cirrhotic medications were held given her acute septic shock.
She was subsequently started back on her Aldactone at a low dose which was slowly titrated up.
She was placed on a low-sodium diet with strict ins-and-outs.
She was thought to require long-term spontaneous bacterial peritonitis prophylaxis with plans to start her on ciprofloxacin for prophylaxis when she did complete her course of Levaquin for her urosepsis.
DIABETES MELLITUS ISSUES:  The patient was maintained on glyburide with an insulin sliding-scale for coverage.
PSYCHIATRIC ISSUES:  The patient on Celexa and olanzapine as per her outpatient regimen.
She also received Sonata for sleep.
Levaquin 500 mg once per day (times 10 days).
Albuterol meter-dosed inhaler as needed.
Olanzapine 10 mg at hour of sleep.
Citalopram 20 mg once per day.
Timolol eyedrops once per day.
Zaleplon 5 mg at hour of sleep.
Glyburide 2.5 mg in the morning.
Nadolol 80 mg once per day.
Spironolactone 100 mg once per day.
Lactulose 30 mg q.6h.
Pantoprazole 40 mg once per day.
Lasix 40 mg once per day.
Ciprofloxacin one tablet by mouth every week; to be started following completion of Levaquin.
