He had a syncopal event while on the toilet and regained consciousness and activity with Emergency Medical Service.
ALLERGIES:  SULFA MEDICATIONS (cause anaphylaxis).
Gastroesophageal recommended placement of two large-bore intravenous lines, serial hematocrit checks, and crystalloid resuscitation as necessary, intravenous Protonix 40 mg twice per day, nothing by mouth, an esophagogastroduodenoscopy while in the intensive care unit and avoidance of  any nonsteroidal anti- inflammatory drugs; all of which were implemented.
On [**2138-4-21**] the patient underwent an esophagogastroduodenoscopy in the Intensive Care Unit.
He continued to have significant hematocrit drops necessitating 4 additional units of packed red blood cells in response to a hematocrit of 19.
The patient tolerated the procedure well and was transferred to the back to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit.
Although the patient's vital signs remained stable, it was felt that additional intervention was warranted.
A total of 6 units of packed red blood cells were transfused, and preparations were made once again to take the patient to the Operating Room.
A midpoint ileostomy was created as well.
The patient's nutritional needs were maintained on total parenteral nutrition.
There, his nasogastric tube was kept in place given a relatively high output.
On postoperative days 13 and 6, the nasogastric tube was removed and his diet subsequently advanced from sips through solids; all of which he tolerated extremely well.
His peripherally inserted central catheter line was removed.
The patient was restarted on all of his antiretroviral medications.
He underwent ostomy training from the ostomy training nurse and was ultimately discharged shortly thereafter.
PROCEDURES PERFORMED:  The patient is status post laparotomy times two, a small-bowel resection times two, creation of diverting ileostomy, and multiple endoscopic evaluations and percutaneous angiographic evaluations.
MEDICATIONS ON DISCHARGE:  The patient will resume his preoperative medications with no additional discharge medications.
