Initially the patient's pneumonia was treated with Flagyl, levofloxacin and vancomycin.
However, when an endotracheal sample grew out Strep pneumoniae his antibiotic regimen was switched to ceftriaxone.
At this time the patient's antibiotic regimen was again switched to penicillin alone and the antibiotics were discontinued.
With the severity of the patient's pneumonia, ceftriaxone was again added to the patient's antibiotic regimen to ensure broader coverage.
His renal failure was felt to be secondary to his long-standing diabetes and hypertension in the setting of NSAID use, decreased p.o.
intake, dehydration and persistent hydrochlorothiazide and ACE inhibitor use and low blood pressure in the setting of pneumonia/sepsis.
He was initially started on a bicarb drip which was discontinued in the Medical Intensive Care Unit as the patient's bicarb on his Chem-7 was greater than 20.
However, at the time of this dictation the patient was entering a polyuric phase of ATN with increased urine output.
Lastly, the patient received multiple liters of normal saline infusion and does likely have a non anion gap acidosis from this.
The patient was also hyperventilated on the vent which also helped improve his acidosis.
He was started on vasopressin, Neo- Synephrine and dopamine.
Upon arrival to the floor he was switched to Levophed, dopamine and vasopressin.
He had a central line placed for CVP measurement.
He was weaned off of dopamine and continued on Levophed and vasopressin.
Because the patient had persistent bradycardia, these two medications were stopped and he was started on dopamine at the time of this dictation.
The patient's requirement for pressors was also significantly reduced at the time of this dictation.
His blood was sent in a special tube for platelet analysis.
In addition, some element of bone marrow suppression was thought to be contributing to his thrombocytopenia.
In the setting of broad spectrum antibiotic use, his INR increased to 3.1.
At this time he received vitamin K.  Thrombosis/hepatoma:  Upon presentation the patient was evaluated for _____________.
Occluded and expanded portal vein, right portal vein and anterior and posterior right portal vein with thrombus extending down the SMV.
With these radiographic findings, anticoagulation was again considered.
If the clot appeared unstable or larger, the plan was to inform the family of the bleeding risk of starting anticoagulation and to anticoagulate the patient.
At the time of this dictation the plan was to wean his sedation and to start the patient back on dopamine as this may help his heart rate.
