She denied any fevers, chills, nausea, vomiting, dysuria, urinary frequency, constipation, or diarrhea.
In the Emergency Department, she was started on a nitroglycerin drip and was given 15 mg of intravenous Lopressor as well as 50 mg of oral Lopressor.
Her nitroglycerin drip was stopped at that point.
Her blood pressure then rose to 196/94, at which point the nitroglycerin drip was restarted, and the patient was treated with 10 mg of intravenous hydralazine and 50 mg of oral hydralazine.
At that time, the patient was given 20 mg of intravenous hydralazine along with intravenous nitroglycerin drip without improvement in her blood pressure.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Allopurinol 200 mg p.o.
q.d., Protonix 40 mg p.o.
q.d., Lopressor 50 mg p.o.
b.i.d., hydralazine 75 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Diovan 80 mg p.o.
q.d., Lasix 20 mg p.o.
q.o.d., clonidine 0.3 mg p.o.
t.i.d., aspirin 81 mg p.o.
q.d., Colace 200 mg p.o.
q.d., Tums 500 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Niferex 150 mg p.o.
ALLERGIES:  LIPITOR and COLCHICINE (both have caused muscle problems in the past).
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:   Examination on admission to the Intensive Care Unit revealed a temperature of 96.9, heart rate of 68, blood pressure of 187/87, respiratory rate of 12, oxygen saturation of 98% on 3 liters by nasal cannula.
No clubbing or cyanosis was demonstrated on peripheral examination.
She was started on intravenous nitroprusside for acute blood pressure control.
Her oral blood pressure medications were also increased.
She was weaned off the nitroprusside drip while in the Coronary Care Unit and converted to all oral blood pressure medications.
Her oral blood pressure medications continued to be increased while she was on the floor.
It was thought that the elevation in creatinine and acute renal failure with transient oliguria was due to a combination of the angiotensin receptor blocker (Diovan) and transient hypoperfusion.
During the course of her hospital stay, she was worked up for a possible renal artery stenosis given her presentation of extremely elevated blood pressure and a history of difficult to control blood pressure on multiple antihypertensive medications.
She was given standing doses of stool softeners and given lactulose for management of her constipation.
She was also started on Reglan for the possibility that some of this symptomatology was related to diabetic gastroparesis.
Hydralazine 100 mg p.o.
Procardia-XL 60 mg p.o.
Clonidine 0.3 mg p.o.
Labetalol 20 mg p.o.
Epogen 4000 units subcutaneous every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Protonix 40 mg p.o.
Tums 500 mg p.o.
Allopurinol 100 mg p.o.
NPH insulin 20 units q.a.m.
Reglan 10 mg p.o.
Lactulose 15 cc p.o.
Senna 2 tablets p.o.
Tylenol 640 mg p.o.
Serax 10 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Dulcolax 10 mg p.o./p.r.
Insulin sliding-scale.
Dr. [**Last Name (STitle) **] will arrange outpatient followup with a nephrologist.
Her blood urea nitrogen and creatinine should be checked daily until they remain at a constant level.
All of her blood pressure medications should be held if her systolic blood pressure drops below 140.
