She also has critical AS (aortic stenosis) and mitral regurgitation and was admitted for an aortic valve replacement.
She was admitted with CHF and treated with Lasix a few weeks prior to admission.
She also had a recent enterococcal UTI which was treated with levofloxacin on a previous admission and was now admitted for aortic valve replacement.
Status post attempts at removal of the hemangioma 30 years ago.
Status post bronchoscopy in [**2184-2-7**].
Lopressor 12.5 b.i.d.
Albuterol nebulizers two puffs q.i.d.
.................... iron 325 mg p.o.
Glipizide 10 mg p.o.
Glucophage 1,000 mg p.o.
Lasix 60 mg p.o.
Total bypass time was 130 minutes.
She had a lot of chest tube drainage.
She required a lot of blood products and was immediately placed on CVVH after surgery.
She received 17 units of packed cells, 50 units of platelets, 16 of FFP, and 50 of cryo on her first postoperative 24 hours.
She was switched to Neo and milrinone and was still on her epi but her hemodynamics improved significantly.
On postoperative day number three, she was almost off her milrinone and just an Amio drip.
She required aggressive diuresis.
She also required aggressive pulmonary therapy.
Her trach was changed back to her original metal trach and she was breathing better.
She had a NG feeding tube placed and was started on tube feeds.
She ended up having a chest tube on the left and was sclerosed with talc.
She tolerated that well and had minimal drainage after that and her chest tube was discontinued on postoperative day number 23.
but then on postoperative day number 23 she also had a swallowing study which showed that she could eat honey-thick liquids and pureed food with supervision.
On postoperative day number 25, she was discharged to rehabilitation in stable condition.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Glipizide 5 mg p.o.
Levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.
Glucophage 1,000 mg p.o.
Lasix 60 mg p.o.
Iron 325 mg p.o.
Mycostatin powder to the breast region t.i.d.
Albuterol two puffs q.i.d.
Lopressor 50 mg p.o.
Amiodarone 400 mg p.o.
