Patient was discharged to pulmonary rehabilitation on home 02 and did well.
She was discharged from rehabilitation and went home.
Patient had previously taken gammaglobulin monthly, but stopped taking this when her IgG levels remained in the normal range off therapy.
Patient is status post splenectomy and has received appropriate prophylaxis.
The patient proceeded to the Emergency Department where she received a dose of Ceftriaxone, azithromycin, as well as albuterol and Atrovent nebulizers.
She was given one liter of normal saline and her blood pressure increased to 110.
Colon cancer status post hemicolectomy (Stage 3, T3N1M0).
Respiratory rate 26-35, saturating 93% on two liters by nasal cannula.
Sodium 128, potassium 3.9, chloride 98, bicarbonate 20, BUN 13, creatinine 0.5, glucose 92, EBV of 7.42/40/117 on four liters nasal cannula.
COURSE IN THE HOSPITAL:  The patient was initially admitted to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for treatment of her pneumonia.
Pulmonary:  The patient was admitted for treatment of pneumonia.
Patient was treated with a seven day course of levofloxacin as she defervesced and her white cell count decreased.
The patient had improved when she was started on antibiotic, however, at the same time, she was also given a few days of steroids to treat her adrenal insufficiency.
It was decided not continue the patient on steroid treatments at this time.
The patient was treated with oxycodone but tolerated this poorly, then Ultram, Tylenol and ibuprofen prn for her pain.
Hyperglycemia:  The patient was put on a regular insulin sliding scale while she was on steroids as her blood sugars increased.
The hyperglycemia resolved after steroids were discontinued.
Gastrointestinal:  The patient was kept on a proton pump inhibitor while in the hospital.
Osteoporosis:  The patient was maintained on Fosamax while in the hospital.
Tylenol 325-650 mg po q.
Protonix 40 mg po q.d.
Aspirin 325 mg po q.d.
Ibuprofen 400 mg po q.
Oxycodone 5 mg po q.
Fosamax 70 mg po q. Tuesday.
Advair 2 puffs b.i.d.
DISCHARGE FOLLOW-UP:  It was felt that the patient would benefit from pulmonary rehabilitation prior to being discharged home.
