Patient got oxygen, three 5 mg doses of Lopressor, two 162 mg doses of aspirin and started on heparin and nitrodrip.
Catheterization laboratory showed a normal left main with a twin left anterior descending system with 50-60% ostial proximal stenosis, 100% mid stenosis after D1, D1 diffuse 80% proximal with distally graftable lumen, left circumflex 40-50% mid lesion before the large OM1 and mild luminal irregularities in the right coronary artery with a 100% distal mid after posterolateral branch with TIMI II flow.
The culprit left anterior descending lesion was Hepacoat stented with 0% residual and TIMI III distal flow, proximal ostial 60%.
ALLERGIES:  Penicillin and novocaine.
MEDICATIONS AT HOME:  Accupril, Lopressor, Amaryl and Glucophage.
She had a slight amount of dry blood was noticed on her lips but there was no evidence of oral syringeal or tongue wax, otherwise, she was normocephalic and atraumatic.
The prospects of coronary artery bypass graft were discussed with the patient to be done within four to six weeks.
Patient was started on aspirin, Plavix times 30 days and Integrilin times 18 hours, Lopressor, Lipitor and captopril.
A heparin drip was initiated to prophylax for potential left ventricular thrombus in the setting of an anterolateral left ventricular wall infarct, however, the patient was taken off heparin when it was determined that her risks were low given the results of her echocardiogram, status post catheterization, which showed reasonably good ejection fraction and no apical akinesis or dyskinesis, just hypokinesis, which could not significantly increase the risk for left ventricular thrombus formation.
Overall, left ventricular systolic function was mildly depressed with septal, distal, anterior and apical hypokinesis.
Her BUN and creatinine remained stable despite a heavy dye load in the catheterization.
Intravenous fluids were administered without dextrose per post catheterization protocol to minimize the chance of dye induced nephropathy.
The patient was given a cardiac and diabetic diet throughout her hospitalization.
She was not given her oral hypoglycemics and was covered with a sliding scale insulin.
Patient was instructed to restart oral hypoglycemic regimen after discharge.
We did not attenuate her oral hypoglycemic regimen as this should be done on an outpatient basis.
FOLLOW-UP:  The patient was seen by the Cardiothoracic Surgery Service who spoke with her about potential revascularization via coronary artery bypass grafting.
This decision was agreed upon by all parties including Coronary Care Unit Team and the Cardiothoracic Surgery Team.
