He has been taking Tylenol and fluids but his fever has not been below 100.0 F., for the past five days.
He does not know what this fungus is but reports that it has made some of his co-workers ill with a fever and cough.
In the Emergency Department, the patient was febrile to 101.9 F.  He received Levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.
The patient's lower left back pain resolved with one tablet of sublingual Nitroglycerin.
In the Emergency Department, the patient was initially saturating in the mid-90s on room air; however, over the course of the next several hours, the patient's oxygen requirement increased to 6 liters nasal cannula to maintain his oxygen saturation in the mid 90s.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
NPH insulin 40 units q. h.s.
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:  The patient denies headache, visual changes, hearing changes, runny nose, or sore throat.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:   On admission, temperature maximum 101.9 F.; temperature currently 99.1 F.; blood pressure 104/62; heart rate 104; respiratory rate 20; oxygen saturation 97% on five liters.
Two plus dorsalis pedis pulses.
Two plus mitral regurgitation and one plus tricuspid regurgitation.
Given these echocardiogram findings and the patient's history of diabetes mellitus, there was concern that the patient was suffering from a ischemic heart disease; however, given his acute renal failure, it was decided to further evaluate his heart without a cardiac catheterization.
The left anterior descending and circumflex could not be visualized.
The patient was initially treated for his community acquired atypical pneumonia with Levofloxacin and ceftriaxone.
This was later changed to Azithromycin and Ceftriaxone.
The patient completed a five day course of Azithromycin and a seven day course of Ceftriaxone.
RENAL:  The patient with a severely elevated BUN and creatinine on admission.
On admission, it was felt that the patient's acute renal failure was due to dehydration and he was rehydrated with intravenous fluids with a decrease in his statin.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  The patient's nausea resolved with treatment of his atypical pneumonia.
His insulin regimen is being adjusted as needed.
Currently he is on NPH q. a.m. and q. p.m. with a Humalog sliding scale with four times a day finger sticks.
