A workup done in the Emergency Department demonstrated a small-bowel obstruction with a focal transition point as seen on computed tomography scan.
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Status post multiple skin grafts.
Lasix 20 mg by mouth twice per day.
Aldactone 50 mg by mouth once per day.
Ursodiol 300 mg by mouth three times per day.
Nadolol 20 mg by mouth once per day.
Protonix 40 mg by mouth once per day.
Doxepin 10 mg by mouth once per day.
Keflex 250 mg.
BRIEF SUMMARY OF HOSPITAL COURSE:  On the day of admission, the patient was taken to the operating room where an exploratory laparotomy was performed along with lysis of adhesions for a small-bowel obstruction.
She tolerated the procedure well and was discharged to the Surgical Intensive Care Unit for postoperative monitoring.
She also received multiple blood products throughout her hospital stay.
She was initially treated with total parenteral nutrition for nutritional support; however, this was transitioned to tube feeds during her hospital stay.
Throughout her stay, she was treated with vancomycin, Zosyn, and fluconazole for positive sputum and urine cultures.
After a video swallow study was done on [**2172-1-16**], the patient was started on an oral diet.
There was an area approximately 5 mm X 5 mm that remained open and packed with wet-to-dry gauze dressing changes.
On postoperative day 26, after completing a 14-day course of vancomycin, she was discharged to rehabilitation in stable condition.
She was to remain on lactulose as treatment for her encephalopathy.
DISCHARGE STATUS:  The patient was discharged to a rehabilitation facility for physical therapy and wound care.
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma.
Status post multiple skin grafts.
Status post exploratory laparotomy with lysis of adhesions for a small-bowel obstruction.
Albuterol inhaler as needed.
Artificial Tears 1 to 2 drops to both eyes as needed.
Lactulose 30 mg by mouth three times per day.
Insulin sliding-scale (as written).
Prevacid 30 mg by mouth once per day.
Spironolactone 25 mg by mouth once per day.
Ursodiol 300 mg by mouth three times per day.
