She recently underwent an open reduction and internal fixation of an intertrochanteric fracture and was discharged to rehabilitation on [**2122-12-2**].
While at rehabilitation, she was placed on Levofloxacin and Flagyl for presumed aspiration pneumonia.
The patient had also been treated for Clostridium difficile colitis.
Breast carcinoma, status post lumpectomy treated with Tamoxifen.
Status post open reduction and internal fixation left hip.
Actigall 300 mg p.o.
Aldactone 50 mg once daily.
Axid 150 mg twice a day.
Doxepin 25 mg three times a day.
Glyburide 5 mg once daily.
Zofran 8 mg twice a day.
Serax 15 mg. 12.
Phenobarbital 12 mg twice a day.
Os-Cal 500 mg three times a day.
FAMILY HISTORY:  Sister with breast carcinoma and aunt with gastric carcinoma.
EMERGENCY DEPARTMENT COURSE:  In the Emergency Department, the patient was intubated for airway protection and resuscitated aggressively with packed red blood cells and fresh frozen plasma with good peripheral access and intravenous fluids.
Gastroenterology performed nasogastric lavage, remaining massive amounts of clots and bright red blood before proceeding to esophagogastroduodenoscopy.
She was ventilated, assist control with tidal volume 500, respiratory rate 18, PEEP 5, and FIO2 100%.
Chem7 showed sodium 134, potassium 4.8, chloride 105, bicarbonate 16, blood urea nitrogen 41, creatinine 1.2 and glucose 270.
Aggressive resuscitation with 10 units of red blood cells and six units of fresh frozen plasma.
Nasogastric lavage removed several liters of bright red blood and clot.
A cherry red spot was ablated and was potential for a source of bleed.
The patient was started on an intravenous of Protonix twice a day, Octreotide, empiric antibiotics for spontaneous bacterial peritonitis prophylaxis and empiric coverage for Clostridium difficile and ischemic colitis given the radiographic and clinical findings which were subsequently stopped as the patient stabilized.
Octreotide was discontinued after three day course.
The patient was also given Albumin intravenously.
Ascites - The patient had abdominal ascites and required two large volume paracentesis, no evidence of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis, final cultures were negative.
Spontaneous bacterial peritonitis prophylaxis was stopped as the patient's condition improved.
Pulmonary - The patient was intubated for airway protection.
Chronically she was reversed with fresh frozen plasma as needed for aggressive resuscitation.
She was given platelets and large volume transfusion as well as calcium.
Endocrine - The patient was started on insulin drip for tight glucose control.
Hypotension - The patient was initially hypertensive and became hypotensive when coming to the unit, required Dopamine drip that was able to wean off as sedation was stopped after stabilization.
Once pressures were stabilized, the patient was restarted on her outpatient diuretic at the low dose, titrating up.
FEN - The patient was started on tube feeds while intubated and was able to tolerate p.o.
once extubated and advance diet and tube feeds were discontinued.
