Patient also had a fever of up to 101.8 degrees and was empirically started on ceftriaxone 2 grams IV.
Atenolol 100 mg q day.
Flomax 0.4 mg q day.
Glyburide 5 mg [**Hospital1 **].
Lipitor 10 mg q day.
Nitroglycerin 0.4 mg sublingual prn.
Vioxx 25 mg q day.
Zestril 5 mg q day.
On genitourinary examination, he had a right inguinal hernia that was examined by surgery and felt to be reducible and nonincarcerated.
Another source of possible infection is right hip possible osteomyelitis given the initial hip pain as well as urine.
Once the blood cultures grew out Staphylococcus aureus, sensitivities came back, he was switched to oxacillin and gentamicin.
Gentamicin for five days, oxacillin throughout the duration of his course, and for a total of six weeks, surveillance cultures were taken for three days, and they all have since been negative.
In terms of his infective endocarditis, he was also started on Xigris given multiorgan dysfunction.
He was on Xigris for 96 hours.
In addition, a cortisol level was checked, and given that it was low, he was started on hydrocortisone 50 mcg q6h.
He was given plenty of fluid boluses.
He was treated with Xigris and antibiotics with underlying source.
After several days, he was switched to orotracheal intubation, endotracheal tube to minimize possible sinusitis.
Throughout the course, he was slowly weaned to pressure support and was extubated without any complications.
In terms of cardiac issues, in the initial presentation, he had ST depressions that resolved on repeat electrocardiogram.
Orthopedic Service was following, and felt that he was too unstable during the MICU to consider a surgical washout or any procedure at the time.
In terms of benign prostatic hypertrophy, we will continue his Flomax.
He had a Foley in, and one issue with in terms of renal, he had episodes of hematuria with clots that formed blocking the Foley catheter.
They placed a 24 French catheter, irrigated, and had a significant amount of clots, replaced with a three-way Foley with continuous bladder irrigation.
In terms of hematocrit, his hematocrit was low in the beginning we thought secondary to phlebotomy and boluses of fluid.
In terms of endocrine, he was on an insulin for his non-insulin dependent-diabetes.
GI:  He was on Pepcid, and prophylaxis, and tube feeds at a maximum goal.
In terms of Fluids, electrolytes, and nutrition: Electrolytes were repleted as necessary and large fluid boluses were given.
