Glucophage 1000 mg twice a day.
Glyburide 10 mg q. a.m., 5 mg q. p.m. 3.
Atenolol 50 mg q. day.
Lisinopril 2.5 mg q. day.
Ambien 5 mg p.r.n.
ALLERGIES:  He is allergic to penicillin which causes a rash and codeine which causes confusion.
Right lateral foot with open ulcer distal to the tarsus with more proximal abscess which drained purulent material.
He was started on Vancomycin, Ciprofloxacin, and Flagyl with three times a day wet-to-dry dressing changes.
Following the Cardiology Service consultation, Vascular Surgery consulted Cardiothoracic Surgery to see if the patient could undergo coronary re-vascularization prior to his lower extremity re-vascularization.
On [**1-29**], he was brought to the Operating Room at which time he had a coronary artery bypass graft times three; please see the OR report for full details.
In summary, he had a coronary artery bypass graft times three with a left internal mammary artery to the left anterior descending and SVG to the PDA and an SVG to the obtuse marginal.
He tolerated the operation well and was transferred from the Operating Room to the Cardiothoracic Intensive Care Unit.
Over the course of the night on the morning of postoperative day one, his sedation was discontinued.
Over the course of that morning he was weaned from his ventilator and ultimately extubated.
In addition, his cardioactive intravenous medications were weaned off.
His Swan-Ganz catheter was removed and his chest tubes were also removed.
He was started on Amiodarone and Lopressor at that time, after which he converted to normal sinus rhythm.
At that time, a decision was made to transfer him to the floor for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation.
On postoperative day four, a PICC line was placed in his left antecubital space and plans were made to transfer the patient to rehabilitation center for continuing postoperative care and cardiac rehabilitation.
At that time, his physical examination is as follows:  Vital signs, temperature 98.0 F.; heart rate 79 and sinus rhythm; blood pressure 120/65; respiratory rate 18; O2 saturation 98% on two liters nasal prongs.
Coronary artery disease status post coronary artery     bypass graft times three with a left internal mammary     artery to the left anterior descending; saphenous vein     graft to the patent ductus arteriosus and a saphenous     vein graft to obtuse marginal.
Peripheral vascular disease status post incision and     drainage of the left foot; wound culture positive for     Methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus.
MEDICATIONS AT TIME OF DISCHARGE: 1.
Combivent MDI four puffs q. six hours.
Heparin 5000 units subcutaneously three times a day.
Amiodarone 400 mg twice a day times seven days and then     q. day.
Metoprolol 25 mg twice a day.
Furosemide 20 mg twice a day.
Potassium chloride 20 mEq twice a day.
Colace 100 mg twice a day.
Enteric coated aspirin 325 q. day.
Nicoderm patch 21 mg q.
Ranitidine 150 mg twice a day.
Vancomycin 1 gram intravenous q.
Glucophage 1000 mg twice a day.
Glyburide 10 mg q. a.m. and 5 mg q. p.m. 14.
Percocet 5/325 one to two tablets q. four hours p.r.n.
