The patient is status post cardiac catheterization during [**2170-8-31**] admission for right femoral-popliteal bypass when the patient developed an episode of chest pain while at dialysis.
She went to catheterization during which a cypher stent was placed in her right coronary artery.
The patient was at dialysis and was briefly hypotensive, requiring cessation of dialysis.
Coronary artery disease; status post myocardial infarction.
Peripheral vascular disease; status post right femoral-popliteal bypass; status post left femoral-tibial bypass graft; status post right coronary artery stent.
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:  Home medications included aspirin, Plavix, Pravastatin, captopril, Prilosec, Lopressor, Renagel, Vicodin, insulin, and eyedrops.
The patient was transiently hypotensive during cardiac catheterization and briefly required a dopamine drip, but her procedure was otherwise uncomplicated.
She was loaded on Plavix and received Integrilin for 18 hours.
She was started back on a beta blocker and ACE inhibitor which were titrated up throughout her hospitalization.
The patient developed a cough with the ACE inhibitor and was instead switched to an angiotensin receptor blocker.
She was put back on an ACE inhibitor for afterload reduction which was then changed over to an angiotensin receptor blocker as she developed a cough.
She was followed by the Renal Service throughout her hospitalization and continued to receive dialysis three times per week (per her regular schedule).
She was also continued on Renagel for her elevated phosphate.
She was continued on NPH insulin with regular insulin supplementation at meals (per her home regimen).
PERIPHERAL VASCULAR DISEASE ISSUES:  The patient was status post a right femoral-popliteal bypass.
FLUIDS/ELECTROLYTES/NUTRITION ISSUES:  The patient was placed on a cardiac, diabetic, American Diabetes Association diet which she tolerated well.
These symptoms quickly resolved following cardiac catheterization and were thought to be due to her cardiac problems.
Her Foley catheter was removed, and she remained asymptomatic.
Per consultation with the Renal Service, the patient was not treated for her asymptomatic bacteruria.
PROPHYLAXIS ISSUES:  Proton pump inhibitor for gastrointestinal prophylaxis and subcutaneous heparin for deep venous thrombosis prophylaxis.
Colace and Senna were given for a bowel regimen.
Right coronary artery stent thrombosis with successful restenting of thrombosed stent.
Losartan 25 mg by mouth once per day.
Heparin 5000 units subcutaneously q.12h.
Metoprolol 50 mg by mouth twice per day.
Renagel 800 mg by mouth three times per day.
Pantoprazole 40 mg by mouth q.24h.
Nephrocaps one tablet by mouth once per day.
Pramipexole 0.25 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Timolol 0.5% ophthalmologic eyedrops one drop both eyes twice per day.
Prednisolone 1% ophthalmologic suspension one drop both eyes twice per day.
Pilocarpine 2% one drop both eyes at hour of sleep.
Levobunolol 0.5% one drop both eyes at hour of sleep.
Dorzolamide 2%/Timolol 0.5% one drop twice per day (to right eye only).
Quinine sulfate 325 mg by mouth every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Pravastatin 10 mg by mouth at hour of sleep.
Senna one tablet by mouth twice per day as needed.
Colace 100 mg by mouth twice per day.
Plavix 75 mg by mouth once per day.
Aspirin 325 mg by mouth once per day.
