She has been treated with erythromycin for a upper respiratory infection approximately one and a half months ago.
She was ill-appearing and received ceftriaxone, azithromycin, and Lasix, and a nitroglycerin drip for hypertension.
Coronary artery disease; status post 5-vessel coronary artery bypass graft in [**2179**].
MEDICATIONS ON ADMISSION:   Medications on admission included Toprol-XL 100 mg p.o.
q.d., Paxil 20 mg p.o.
q.d., Evista 60 mg p.o.
q.d., Procardia 60 mg p.o.
q.d., lisinopril 40 mg p.o.
q.d., aspirin 81 mg p.o.
q.d., Lasix 20 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Colace 100 mg p.o.
b.i.d., insulin 40 units subcutaneous q.a.m.
and 26 units NPH subcutaneous q.p.m., and regular insulin 30 units q.a.m.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON PRESENTATION:  Blood pressure was 155/60, pulse was 90, breathing at 35, oxygen saturation was 93% on a nonrebreather mask.
She was placed on ceftriaxone and levofloxacin which were appropriately renally dosed.
Her oxygen requirements continued to improve over her hospital course, and she was given aggressive chest physical therapy.
On hospital day nine, ceftriaxone was discontinued.
She was continued on levofloxacin which was appropriately dosed per her creatinine clearance.
The patient to complete a full 14-day course of levofloxacin and was to follow up with her primary care physician.
Her ACE inhibitor was held.
She was given gentle fluid hydration again which notably improved her renal function.
A 24-hour urine was collected to measure the amount of protein and albumin excreted which revealed an elevated albumin to creatinine ratio; suggesting that nephrotic syndrome may have been contributing to her lower extremity edema.
She was managed with ACE inhibitors and continued with aggressive diuresis to which she was clinically responding and was to be discharged on both an aggressive regimen of Lasix 80 mg p.o.
and lisinopril 20 mg p.o.
She was placed on standing NPH 40 units in the morning and 26 units in the evening with a regular insulin sliding-scale with fingerstick checks four times per day.
She was transfused one units of packed red blood cells to which she responded appropriately.
Toprol-XL 150 mg p.o.
Paxil 20 mg p.o.
Evista 60 mg p.o.
Lisinopril 20 mg p.o.
Aspirin 81 mg p.o.
Lasix 80 mg p.o.
Colace 100 mg p.o.
Insulin 40 units NPH subcutaneously q.a.m.
Levofloxacin 500 mg p.o.
