She has been steroid dependent for several years and is currently on 15 mg of Prednisone q. day.
The patient uses wheelchair at home.
Prednisone 15 mg q. day.
Navane 4 mg q. h.s.
Serax 10 mg four times a day.
Tegretol 200 mg four times a day.
Albuterol two puffs q. three to four hours.
Atrovent two puffs q. two to four hours.
Nebulizer at home with mask two liters.
Zantac 150 mg twice a day.
Premarin 0.625 q. day.
Enteric-coated aspirin one p.o.
Volmax 4 mg q. day.
Centrum vitamin one q. day.
CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE:  In the Emergency Room, the patient required Bi-PAP mask in order to properly oxygenate and increase her oxygen saturation greater than 90%.
She was placed on a Bi-PAP nasal mask with pressure support of 8 and a PEEP of 5 and it was titrated to patient comfort to keep her respiratory rate less than 30.
The patient was continued on her Albuterol and Atrovent nebulizers q. two hours.
The patient was started on Solu-Medrol 80 mg intravenously three times a day.
Prednisone but that afternoon was noted to have worsening oxygenation on Bi-PAP.
She was then switched to a full face mask with improvement in her oxygenation and her coordination with the ventilator.
It was therefore decided that she was not hypercarbic but that her mental status changes were due to her increased ativan and morphine use for anxiety and back pain while in the Medical Intensive Care Unit.
The patient continued to require Bi-PAP at a pressure support of 8 and a PEEP of 5 with decreased oxygen saturations throughout the day.
On the night prior to discharge, the patient was aggressively suctioned with normal saline which yielded several brown and bloody clots.
The patient continued to saturate well on three liters nasal cannula overnight and throughout the day and she became much more alert and conversant.
On the second day of admission, the patient was requiring ativan q. two and morphine q. two for back pain, and was found to be quite lethargic, so the Ativan and morphine were stopped.
The patient was therefore started on Levofloxacin and continued on that coverage for assumed community acquired pneumonia.
The patient was transitioned to oral Prednisone 60 mg q. day with an aggressive taper to 15 mg q. day over the course of two weeks and she will need to have continued aggressive pulmonary toilet.
She complained of chest pain 10 out of 10 radiating to her left arm which improved with sublingual Nitroglycerin and morphine times two.
Hypertension seemed to be secondary to her decreased oxygen saturation and increased respiratory rate in addition to some pain that she was having, and her hypertension improved considerably once her ventilation was improved.
The patient did not need any hypertensive medications during this admission.
PROPHYLAXIS:  The patient was maintained on subcutaneous heparin and ranitidine.
On the day of discharge, the patient was transitioned from morphine intravenously p.r.n.
to MS-Contin for longer acting pain control with MSIR for breakthrough pain.
In addition, the patient should have aggressive pulmonary toilet done by Respiratory Therapy.
Albuterol nebulizer solution, one nebulizer q. two hours p.r.n.. 2.
Ipratropium bromide one nebulizer q. two hours p.r.n.
Oxazepam 10 mg p.o.
Carbamazepine 200 mg p.o.
Docusate sodium 100 mg p.o.
Senna one tablet p.o.
Multivitamin one p.o.
Fexofenadine 60 mg p.o.
Ranitidine 150 mg p.o.
Heparin 5000 units subcutaneously q.
Acetaminophen 325 mg p.o.
Nicotine 14 mg transdermal patch q. day.
Nitroglycerin sublingual 0.3 mg p.r.n.
Aspirin 325 mg p.o.
Albuterol nebulizer solution, one nebulizer q. four hours.
Ipratoprium bromide nebulizer solution, one nebulizer q. six hours.
Levofloxacin 250 mg p.o.
Morphine sulfate IR 50 mg p.o.
Morphine sulfate SR 50 mg p.o.
Prednisone taper to go as follows:  Prednisone 40 mg p.o.
q. day times two doses, then Prednisone 30 mg p.o.
q. day times two doses, then Prednisone 15 mg p.o.
