CONGESTIVE HEART FAILURE:  The patient has had good diuresis on Natrecor drip, Lasix drip, metolazone was temporarily added to augment his regimen.
The patient was continued on Captopril which was increased to 75 mg p.o.
t.i.d., Coreg 3.125 mg p.o.
b.i.d., Natrecor was successfully stopped, Lasix drip was switched to Bumex 4 mg IV b.i.d.
and then to Lasix 60 mg IV b.i.d.
It was thought that the patient would greatly benefit from being in sinus rhythm considering his severe CHF and his reliance on atrial contraction.
The patient was initially started on Amiodarone 40 mg p.o.
and then changed 200 mg but eventually Amiodarone was stopped as daily EKGs showed severe PR prolongation.
It was, therefore, recommended not to readminister Amiodarone and instead to increase beta blockers tolerated by the patient's blood pressure.
The patient is planned to have an implanted biventricular pacemaker or biventricular ICD at a later date after the patient is weaned off the tracheostomy.
The patient was put back on the ventilator and was quickly weaned off to CPAP pressure support of 5, PS, PEEP of 5, which is the setting where is the most comfortable.
The patient has had many successful T-piece trials on trach collar, however, he started getting tachypneic and dropped his tidal volume upon lying down.
Therefore, recommend to continue T-piece trials during the day and switch to CPAP as the patient starts fatiguing out in the evening.
The patient is to be weaned off the ventilator as tolerated.
After unsuccessful self-extubation, the patient has had a tracheostomy placed and has been comfortable on tracheostomy thereafter.
GASTROINTESTINAL:  We attempted oral feeding but the patient was shown to have significant aspiration by dye test.
Therefore, PEG was placed on [**2120-8-14**] and current tube feeds are to be continued at a goal of 80 cc an hour as tolerated by the patient.
INFECTIOUS DISEASE:  The patient finished a course of ampicillin, levofloxacin, and Flagyl, 14 days, for presumed line sepsis.
RHEUMATOLOGY:  Recommend to continue Allopurinol and colchicine for gout as shown by the presence of uric acid crystals from elbow aspirate.
This was attributed to heavy diuresis with his free water deficit which was replaced with D5W 75 cc an hour as well as free water boluses per NG.
Status post retroperitoneal bleed.
Status post percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube and tracheostomy placement.
Status post aspiration pneumonia.
Simvastatin 10 mg p.o.
Coreg 6.25 mg p.o.
Lasix 60 mg IV b.i.d.
Captopril 75 mg p.o.
Allopurinol 6.
Levoxyl 100 mg p.o.
