The patient denies shortness of breath, pleuritic pain, palpitations, as well as lightheadedness.
The patient was transported to the Emergency Department by EMS and on route was treated with aspirin and sublingual nitroglycerin with persistent chest pain.
On arrival to the Emergency Department, the patient was started on nitroglycerin drip, heparin, Plavix, and Integrilin (Lopressor was held secondary to sinus bradycardia).
In the Emergency Department, the patient was found to be afebrile with a blood pressure of 114/68, heart rate 52, and oxygen saturation 93% on room air, 97% on four liters nasal cannula.
The patient was sent for emergent cardiac catheterization.
Extremities:  No cyanosis, clubbing or edema, 2+ distal pulses throughout, right groin with arterial and venous catheterization sheaths with small hematoma (marked) with pressure dressing, no bruit appreciated.
Chem-7 with sodium of 139, potassium 4.3, chloride 104, bicarbonate 20, BUN 16, creatinine 1.0, glucose 153.
Cardiac enzymes:  First set:  CK 90, MB not done, troponin I 1.6.
Catheterization demonstrated a right dominant system with multivessel disease including mildly diseased left circumflex, moderate (40-50%) occluded right coronary artery, 20% left main occlusion, and total occlusion of the proximal left anterior descending artery.
The patient underwent Angio-jet to the left anterior descending artery with placement of three stents.
0% residual was reported post stent placement, however, "no reflow" was seen.
The patient was subsequently treated with intra-coronary adenosine, diltiazem, and nitroglycerin with subsequent TIMI 3 flow.
The patient was started on Integrilin (18 hours), Plavix, aspirin, and transferred to the Cardiac Intensive Care Unit.
The patient was started on low dose beta-blocker and ACE inhibitor with low normal blood pressure, well-tolerated.
No thrombus was seen on echocardiogram and the patient was started on anticoagulation for akinetic/poor left ventricular function with heparin and Coumadin, goal INR [**1-1**].
The patient was started on a statin (LFTs only remarkable only for an elevated AST likely secondary to cardiac origin).
Lisinopril 2.5 mg po q.d.
Lopressor 12.5 mg po b.i.d.
Lovenox 60 mg subcutaneous b.i.d.
Coumadin 5 mg po q.h.s.
Plavix 75 mg po q.d.
Aspirin 325 mg po q.d.
Lipitor 10 mg po q.d.
