PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Her physical examination on admission had vital signs 98.4, 148/palpable for blood pressure, pulse 120, oxygen saturation 87% on room air and 96% on 2 liters.
The cardiac examination is significant for an irregularly irregular heart rhythm with normal rate, no murmurs, rubs or gallops.
The patient's lungs were bilaterally clear to auscultation with good breathsounds.
Her abdominal examination had positive bowel sounds, soft, nontender and slightly distended.
LABORATORY DATA:  Her laboratory data on admission included sodium 143, potassium 2.6, bicarbonate 36, chloride 100, BUN 16, creatinine 0.7 and glucose 134.
Her white blood cell count was 5.4, hemoglobin 11.7, hematocrit 34.7, and platelets 75 with an MCV of 111 and a differential including neutrophils of 65.9, lymphocytes 26.4, monocytes 6.1, eosinophils 1.3, basophils 0.3.
Her PT was 13.3 and her INR was 1.2.
The patient also had an arterial blood gases done in the Emergency Room which showed a pH of 7.37, bicarbonate 64 and an anion gap of 9.
She had a chest spiral computerized tomography scan with contrast which showed no evidence of pulmonary embolus, mild emphysema, stable right upper lobe nodule, no lymphadenopathy, a high burden of aortic plaque with ulceration evident in the inferior portion of the thoracic aorta.
Her right hip film is positive for osteopenia, sclerotic changes of the lower lumbar spine, osteophytes of both hip joints, left greater than right, normal joint spaces and no evidence of fracture dislocation.
Her chest x-ray showed marked kyphosis and compression fractures of the thoracic vertebra and no evidence of heart failure, focal pulmonary opacities or pleural effusions.
Her electrocardiogram showed atrial fibrillation at a rate of 91 beats/minute, normal axis and intervals and T wave inversions in V4 through V6, 1 and AVR.
Her computerized tomography scan of the hips showed an alar fracture from the anterior to the inferior portion and her computerized tomography scan of the lumbar spine showed diffuse osteophyte formation, especially prominent in the L4, L5 area.
Therefore, her issues were managed as follows:  1.
For her atrial fibrillation the patient had an echocardiogram which revealed normal left ventricular function, size and ejection fraction greater than 55%.
The patient also had a TSH done which came back as normal and a free T4 which was also normal.
For her history of non-Hodgkin's disease the patient had a staging computerized tomography scan of the chest, abdomen and pelvis.
She also had studies sent to evaluate her anemia and thrombocytopenia.
Her anemia is significant for hypochromia 1+ and histiocytosis 1+, poikilocytosis 1+ and macrocytosis 3+.
However, her Vitamin B 12 was above normal.
Her reticulocyte count was slightly above normal at 3.3% and her iron was low with a low TIBC and transferrin.
During her hospital stay the patient became extremely sedated after Percocet and Droperidol for nausea and had an arterial blood gases done which showed a pCO2 of approximately 80.
The patient had five arterial blood gases done which all showed pCO2s in the 80s and it was questioned whether that was the patient's baseline hypocarbia.
The patient was maintained on 2 liters of oxygen via nasal cannula to maintain an oxygen saturation of approximately 90%.
