Labs revealed WBC count at 3.2, Neut% at 72; Hct 21.6.
Albumin was low at 2.5.
Blood cultures and line tip culture were pending.
Urine was negative for infection.
A repeat xray of the arm was negative for foreign body.
Blood cultures and PICC line tip culture were negative.
Repeat blood cultures were sent.
Chest xray showed some consolidation at the medial right lung base.
Irradiated PRBCs were transfused for Hct of 20.3.
At HD 5 repeat CXR showed resolution of consolidation/aspiration.
Repeat blood cultures were negative.
WBC count was down to 2.3; Hct was 21.0 from 24.7 post-transfusion.
Red cell morphology revealed [**Doctor Last Name 30674**] formation.
Hemolysis labs were WNL.
Albumin was 2.4 and Transferrin was 88.
TPN calories  At HD 15 CXR showed left pleural effusion.
He was transfused for a Hct of 21.2.
Lasix was given with blood and he experienced incontinence over night.
CEA was 1.1.
Cultures were sent.
Sputum culture was positive for MRSA and pseudomonas.
Blood/urine cultures were negative.
Repeat cultures were sent.
At HD 23 CXR showed a left pleural effusion.
WBC count was 10.1; Hct 24.5.
Liver enzymes were elevated from normal with T. Bili at 3.3.
RUQ ultrasound showed no biliary ductal dilatation or evidence of acute cholecystitis;polyps or sludge balls within the gallbladder; and enlarged spleen with unusual configuration.
Urinary and serum copper levels were sent to r/o Wilson's disease.
At HD 27 neuro recommended MRI w/ lumbar puncture to evaluate for carcinomatous meningitis.
Small bowel tissue was requested from outside pathology to evaluate for vasculitis/amyloid but were unable to be located.
Hct was 20.6 and 2 units PRBCs were given.
Repeat urine copper was sent.
At HD 32 Hct was 21.3.
Bilirubin was 2.2.
Liver enzymes were elevated, but trending down from initial elevation.
A head/cervical MRI was completed which showed disc protrusion and osteophytes at C3/4 resulting in compression of the spinal cord with associated cord edema; moderate narrowing of the left neural foramen at C7/T1; and multiple enhancing lymph nodes in the left deep cervical chain.
Blood Cx (-).
Sputum was (+)pseudomonas, MRSA, GNR.
A RUQ ultrasound was reevaluated which showed gallbladder wall edema and sludge with ?
