After being placed on a nonrebreather the patient's saturation improved to the 80s.
Chest x-ray revealed a right pleural effusion and an increased heart size.
Her electrocardiogram showed diffuse ST changes and a stat echocardiogram was performed which showed a large pericardial effusion without signs of tamponade.
Her rhythm remained sinus tachycardia but she had no blood pressure.
Her electrolytes were checked and her potassium was found to be 6.1.
At the time of admission she was unresponsive off sedation with blood pressures in the 80s on Dopamine at maximum dose and was saturating 80 percent with an FIO2 of 100 percent on her ventilator.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Vital signs: the patient had a heart rate of 120 on dopamine 5 mcg drip, blood pressure was 80/50 and respirations - no spontaneous respiration, saturation of 84 percent on the ventilator.
LABORATORY DATA:  Prior to admission to the Medical Intensive Care Unit white count 13.9 with a differential of 79 neutrophils, 12 band, 2 lymphocytes, 7 monocytes and 0 eosinophils.
Hematocrit 28.6, platelets 252.
Electrolytes included a sodium of 116 which had slightly improved from 112, potassium of 4.3, slightly improved from 6.1, chloride 83, bicarbonate 15, BUN 63, creatinine 3.5, slightly improved from 4.3, and glucose 155.
LDH was 367, CK 180, CK MB 4 and troponin less than 0.3.
AST was 271, LDH 360, alk phos 147 and total bilirubin 0.3.
Electrocardiogram as stated showed diffuse ST segment elevations.
Chest x-ray had bilateral pleural effusion, right greater than left.
Cardiac catheterization results showed tamponade with 200 cc removed, diffuse coronary artery disease and status post brief cardiac arrest.
However, her decreased O2 saturations were thought to be perhaps secondary to peripheral vasoconstriction.
Therefore, when she had extremities warmed and her blood pressure subsequently improved her oxygen saturations improved as well.
Her arterial blood gases did not show this severe hypoxemia.
The patient also had her respiratory rate increase and tidal volume increased to improve her pH which was 7.19 on admission with fixed.
The patient had serial chest x-rays throughout her admission which showed a minor pleural effusion which was not immediately stopped given that the patient was unstable and given that it was unlikely to have been the cause of her respiratory distress.
Pulmonary embolus was suggested as a possibility of her shortness of breath, therefore once stable the patient had a CT angiogram which was negative for pulmonary embolus and negative for lymphangitic spread of the tumor.
This was confirmed with serial echocardiograms.
For her pericardium the patient had a drain in place and with repeat echocardiograms it was found that the drain was not putting out much output and the effusion remained small after being tapped.
In terms of her blood pressure the patient was initially hypotensive on Dopamine.
With the Levophed the patient's urine output continued to increase and as the patient's blood pressure and respirations improved she began to autodiurese and her creatine spontaneously decreased as did her BUN.
Her electrolytes were supportively managed and prior to her transfer from the Medical Intensive Care Unit she was given Lasix multiple times to improve her urine output and diuresis.
The patient was discharged to the Medicine Service in stable condition and improving both in terms of her blood pressure, her urine output, her respirations and her mental status.
