In the emergency department, he was noted to have diffuse rhonchi on examination and chest x-ray revealing right and left lobar pneumonia.
Initial ABG was 7.30, 90, and 67.
Fingerstick blood sugars were within normal limits and the vital signs were not significantly changed from admission.
Last summer, the patient had a repeat swallowing evaluation during which he was able to tolerate soft solids and subsequently underwent removal of the trach and PEG an allowed to take POs primarily for quality of life issues.
There was no evidence of prior catheterization or stress test results on the computer.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Admission physical examination to the Medical Intensive Care Unit revealed the following:  Vital signs:  Temperature 92.3 axillary, blood pressure 126/70, pulse 51, respiratory rate 24, oxygen saturation 91% on two liters.
LABORATORY DATA:  Labs on admission to the Medical Intensive Care Unit revealed the following:  White blood count 4.8, hematocrit 30.9, baseline of 29 to 30.
Platelet count 46, with baseline of 60 at 110, sodium of 150, potassium 4.6, chloride 107, bicarbonate 32, BUN 23, creatinine 0.8, glucose 95.
ABG on admission was noted was 7.30, 90, and 67.
Urinalysis was negative.
Blood cultures and urine cultures were pending.
Chest x-ray showed a right middle lobe and left lower lobe pneumonia, no evidence of congestive heart failure.
EKG showed normal sinus rhythm with a slightly prolonged Q-T interval and T-wave inversions, V1 through V6, 1 and L, no Qs.
However, EEG done on the day of admission showed no acute process and actually was somewhat improved from his baseline generalized slowing.
ABGs pre-extubation and postextubation were not significantly changed in terms of oxygenation and ventilation.
From previous admissions, the patient was noted to have a baseline core-body temperature of approximately 93 to 94, which had been attributed to a central process, status post a traumatic brain injury.
However, several followup endocrine studies were not necessarily consistent with sick euthyroid.
Thyroid peroxidase antibodies were sent to rule out Hashimoto's thyroiditis and these were normal.
The patient was ultimately given a trial of thyroxine IV given consideration that hypothyroidism might be contributing to his depressed mental status as well as to the other hemodynamic abnormalities, which were more chronic.
Although the patient's oxygenation remained relatively good, he showed some evidence of congestive heart failure by chest x-ray and responded to Lasix.
He ultimately underwent a lumbar puncture, which showed no infectious process.
Sputum cultures were consistently contaminated samples, but did grow moderate Klebsiella and Citrobacter, both of which were multi-drug resistant.
Regarding his history of congestive heart failure, the patient was noted to have a mild failure by chest x-ray with some small bilateral effusions.
We did evaluate his right- sided effusion during this hospitalization by ultrasound with the expectation to perform a thoracentesis for possible septic source contributing to his depressed mental status.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  The patient has a history of coronary artery disease, status post myocardial infarction, which is not documented by recent catheterization or treadmill test on our computer system.
RENAL:  The patient had a baseline creatinine of approximately 0.7 to 0.8.
When the patient was initially admitted to the floor, he was aggressively diuresed for thought that his heart failure might be contributing to his depressed mental status and difficulty breathing.
The patient was subsequently allowed to re-equilibrate with goal dry weight of 103 kg.
free-water boluses and his sodium subsequently normalized.
HEMATOLOGICAL:  The patient has chronically low platelets and white blood count, which had been attributed to a myelodysplastic syndrome.
The patient has a baseline hematocrit of 29 to 30 and he was noted to slowly drift down to approximately 25 by the day of transfer to the floor.
We will plan to recheck the hematocrit and initiate a full anemia workup and consider transfusion given his coronary artery disease history.
It was difficult to interpret his thyroid function tests given that all current prior tests had been done in the setting of acute illness.
The Endocrine Service has signed off and recommend a full panel of thyroid function tests be done prior to discharge.
FLUIDS, ELECTROLYTES, AND NUTRITION:  The patient was maintained at a dry body weight of approximately 103 kg.
We would recommend a repeat swallowing study and revisiting the issue of a chronic PEG tube with the family prior to discharge.
