HISTORY OF THE PRESENT ILLNESS:  The patient is an 84-year-old male who presented for outpatient ERCP and was found to have a newly diminished hematocrit to 17 and newly increased INR to 3.0.
There was also concern for a possible biliary obstruction given the elevated alkaline phosphatase of 1,818 and total bilirubin of 12.4 and so the procedure was also for the purpose of decompression.
On the day after admission, the patient had received 2 units of packed red blood cells and had a CT of the abdomen which revealed a 3.2 cm mass in the head of the pancreas with clear fat planes between the mass and all surrounding abdominal organs with vascular structures intact with the exception of the mass which abutted and possibly invaded the duodenum.
Chest x-ray done at one of the episodes revealed diffuse interstitial opacities, raising a question of pulmonary edema versus lymphangitic spread versus atelectasis with collapse versus pneumonia.
The patient's white blood cell count was noted to continue to rise into the mid 20s and his renal function was found to decline with a creatinine of 2.2 concerning for ATN.
Renal was consulted for further evaluation of the patient's acute renal failure and it was felt that the patient's acute renal failure was secondary to acute interstitial nephritis in the setting of treatment with Zosyn.
The patient underwent emergent ERCP which showed a giant ulcer in the posterior vault, evidence of previous cholecystectomy, biliary stricture compatible with known tumor in the head of the pancreas.
Cortisol levels revealed that the patient did not have any evidence of adrenal insufficiency.
The patient was bronchoscoped for evaluation of pneumonia versus ARDS.
The patient's pancreatic and liver function tests diminished after ERCP.
An esophageal balloon was used to guide the patient's PEEP requirement and this suggested ARDS as the patient had increased chest wall and abdominal pressures.
This was initiated with steady improvement in the patient's creatinine which had reached a high of 8.5.
The patient had been afebrile for a significant amount of his ICU stay and around [**2178-5-21**], developed low-grade temperature elevation and cultures were drawn.
The patient's ARDS was shown to resolve on serial chest x-rays.
His acute renal failure resolved to a baseline creatinine of 1.4.
LABORATORY/RADIOLOGIC DATA:  The patient had a white blood cell count of 14.3 on admission with a hematocrit of 16.4 and platelets of 341,000.
His INR was 3.9.
His ALT was 167, AST 221, total bilirubin 17.2, alkaline phosphatase 2,024, amylase 28, total bilirubin 17.2 with a lipase of 233.
CT of the abdomen revealed a 3.2 cm mass in the head of the pancreas, clear fat planes between the mass and all surrounding abdominal organs and vascular structures with the exception of the duodenum.
Chest x-ray revealed biapical pleural thickening, small bilateral pleural effusion.
His ARDS continued to resolve on serial chest x-rays.
He underwent several bedside swallow evaluations which initially showed severe aspiration but with time he was able to pass a bedside swallow examination.
RENAL:  The patient's acute renal failure resolved completely to be better than baseline, creatinine of 1.4.
CARDIOVASCULAR:  The patient did undergo an echocardiogram which revealed LV ejection fraction of 70%, mild diastolic dysfunction, no regional wall motion abnormalities, normal right ventricular systolic function, mild 1+ mitral regurgitation, moderate pulmonary hypertension, moderate 2+ tricuspid regurgitation, and no evidence of pericardial effusion.
ENDOCRINE:  The patient was maintained on a regular insulin sliding scale and fingerstick blood sugar monitoring for his diabetes mellitus.
It was stressed that based on the CT abdominal findings of his recent examination that the tumor may be resectable and Surgery confirmed this.
alimentation and underwent a video swallow examination which showed that he could tolerate thin liquids with a chin tuck and ground solids.
If PEG or PEG J tube were to be considered, the patient may need to undergo upper GI series and esophagram to evaluate the anatomy for possible placement of one of these tubes.
He was eventually able to pass a Speech and Swallow evaluation and video swallow examination and Nutrition and Speech Pathology aided in management of oral feeding.
