Computerized tomography scan of the neck/chest revealed a 7 by 7 cm left-sided neck mass with deviation of the trachea to the right and compression of the trachea around the endotracheal tube.
LABORATORY DATA:  Laboratory studies at an outside hospital revealed sodium 138, potassium 3.9, chloride 101, bicarbonate 31, BUN 7, creatinine .8, glucose 128, white blood cell count 8.2, hematocrit 32.9, platelets 300, LDH 228.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On physical examination vital signs were 100.2, heartrate 98, blood pressure 141/93, respiratory rate 14 and oxygen saturations 100%.
Head, eyes, ears, nose and throat, extraocular muscles intact.
Heart, normal S1 and S2, no murmurs, rubs or gallops.
Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally.
RADIOGRAPHS:  Chest x-ray from outside hospital, large left neck mass with questionable mediastinal lymphadenopathy, endotracheal tube at carina.
Chest computerized tomography scan without contrast, large neck mass, 7 by 7 in diameter, left trachea shifted to right, trachea compressed around endotracheal tube.
Computerized tomography scan of chest revealed multiple anterior mediastinal lymph nodes and para-aortic tracheal compression with deviation to the right, no parenchymal lung lesions are seen, small left pleural effusion.
The patient had a computerized tomography scan of the neck and chest with contrast and an magnetic resonance imaging scan of the chest which revealed the following.
Computerized tomography scan of the head revealed no evidence of intracranial metastatic disease.
Computerized tomography scan of the chest showed a large neck mass which tracks along the posterior wall of the trachea into the thoracic inlet, measuring 7 by 11 cm, multiple enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes and a small lower thoracic vertebral body hemangioma.
The magnetic resonance imaging scan of the neck with gadolinium showed redemonstration of an enormous neck mass with probable infiltration in the region of the left carotid sheath and other signs of spread.
A panendoscopy was done at the time of her tracheostomy placement on hospital day #10 which showed diffuse tumor in both the trachea and the esophagus.
Multiple biopsies were done of the esophagus and it was felt at this time that the tumor was originating from the cervical esophagus, although this could not be definitely confirmed.
Tracheobronchitis -  On hospital day #2 the patient had a bronchoscopy to evaluate for any intrinsic compression of airways by the neck mass.
The patient was treated with Levaquin, and subsequent cultures have remained negative.
Constipation - It was noted that the patient had multiple episodes of constipation in the setting of Roxicet narcotic use for incisional pain.
Tubes, lines and drains - The patient has had her Foley catheter discontinued.
Tracheobronchitis 4.
