Evaluation included a colonoscopy which showed an ulcerative lesion in the rectum.
PREOPERATIVE LABORATORY:  Preoperative labs were significant for a hematocrit of 40.4.
Estimated blood loss was 500 cc.
His diet was advanced to a regular diet and his fluid repletion was kept for the next few days.
Urology was consulted and a 18 French Foley was placed with a PVR of 190 cc.
Abdominal CT with p.o.
and intravenous contrast was done which showed dilated loops of small bowel and mild edema proximal to the ostomy without free air or contrast extravasation.
He was made NPO and resuscitated with intravenous fluids, however, later that evening, his O2 sats were noted to decrease to the 80s on room air.
Electrocardiogram was obtained which showed no change from prior, however, in light of the patient's obstruction, marginal urine output and pending instability, he was transferred to the Intensive Care Unit for further management.
There he underwent a VQ scan which was low probability for pulmonary embolus.
On rectal examination, he was found to have an area of anterior separation of his anastomosis and about 30 cc of serosanguinous fluid was drained.
CT scan of the abdomen was repeated which showed, again, thickened bowel but no contrast extravasation.
Of note, as well, the patient's white blood cell count had increased to 24, however, over the next few days, he stabilized with a decreasing white blood cell count, pain abating and better urine output.
He did continue over the next few days to require a few fluid boluses due to his high ileostomy output.
He continued to make slow gains and required two additional CT scans that showed some free fluid in the abdomen which did not show evidence of having extravasated.
The first around the 17th and the 18th with the initial culture growing E-coli and Morganella Morgani and subsequent cultures with no growth.
As note, throughout his period of sepsis, several blood cultures were drawn which have showed no growth to date.
He had a CT scan of his abdomen which did not show evidence of a leak or any new intra-abdominal fluid collections.
His TPN was d/c'd and at the time of this dictation, the patient is meeting 100% of his caloric and protein needs orally.
