The patient was also found to have multiple pulmonary nodules on chest CT and chest x-ray at that time, and the patient was admitted on [**2186-9-13**] with shortness of breath and aspirate of right lower lobe nodule at that time revealed malignant cells.
The patient had a CAT scan at that time, which revealed multiple pulmonary nodules.
The patient was found to have small PEs on CT angiogram.
There was no complaints of chest pain, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, or pleuritic chest pain that the patient recalls.
Thyroid cancer, tissue biopsy awaiting diagnosis with pulmonary metastasis, diagnosed by FMA as D-differentiated papillary carcinoma versus medullary carcinoma.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Examination upon presentation revealed the following:  Temperature 99.1, heart rate 110, respirations 20, 130/70, 96% on 3??????
PULMONARY:  Clear to auscultation bilaterally.
LABORATORY DATA:  Labs upon admission revealed the following: White blood cell count 24.5, hematocrit 30.2, platelet count 639,000.
Sodium 136, potassium 4.0, chloride 93, bicarbonate 30, BUN 14, creatinine 0.5, platelets 125,000, calcium 8.4, phosphorus 3.8, magnesium 1.7, INR 2.
STUDIES:  CT angiogram revealed multiple small segmental PEs.
CT of the body revealed increased side of pulmonary nodules, large heterogenous goiter.
The patient was also placed Levaquin and Flagyl due to possible pneumonia given low-grade temperatures, increased white blood cell count and a chest x-ray, which was equivocable for lower lobe atelectasis versus pneumonia.
The patient's low-molecular weight heparin level was 0.78 when checked and within the therapeutic range.
The patient had guaiac time three negative and hemolysis labs, which were negative, but the hematocrit continued to drift downwards and eventually had to be transfused two units of packed red blood cells.
Of note, the patient is not a Jehovah Witness, but she was raised in the Jehovah Witness family and held off for transfusion until her hematocrit reached 22.
