He had an abdominal CT, which did note some large lymph nodes in his abdomen, but otherwise no focality.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  On admission, VITAL SIGNS: Temperature 102.2 degrees, pulse 103, blood pressure 116/76, and respirations 20.
LUNGS:  Clear to auscultation and equal bilaterally.
LABORATORY DATA:  White count 9.8, hematocrit 39.9, and platelets 441,000.
Differential, 83 neutrophils, 14 lymphocytes, and 2 monocytes.
Sodium 135, potassium 3.5, chloride 96.
BUN 10 and creatinine 0.7.
ALT 62, AST 96, amylase 43, alkaline phosphatase 397, and total bilirubin 0.7.
He had had abdominal imaging at an outside hospital and an empiric course of antibiotics without any focal findings nor any improvement in his symptoms.
At the time of presentation, the patient did not have any focal findings on his abdominal exam, however, there was concern for underlying pathology.
Repeat abdominal CT was obtained, which again showed diffuse lymphadenopathy in the mesentry with the largest node seen in the left lower quadrant measuring approximately 2.9 x 2.0 cm.
Multiple laboratory studies were sent.
Given his some abnormal findings on CT and continued diarrhea, the patient underwent an exploratory laparotomy.
Repeat cultures and other infectious workup was nonrevealing and thought his fevers were most likely related to his oncologic diagnosis as opposed to any active infection.
Multiple vitamin levels were sent including calcium and vitamin D levels, and all of these came back normal.
The patient was status post abdominal exploratory laparotomy, which was then converted to open surgery given normal findings on exam.
Surgery Service, which had performed the abdominal surgery, continued to follow this.
Initially, there had been concern for a pericardial effusion following a CT; however, on echo found this to be an artifact and there was no evidence of a pericardial effusion.
Multiple blood cultures were obtained as well as urine.
Chest x-ray and CT scans with no other foci of infection noted.
Given the negative infectious workup, his fevers were thought to be most likely due to his underlying malignancy.
