In the emergency room, the patient received Narcan with good effect, but the patient remained somnolent with withdrawal to painful stimuli on the right side.
CT of the chest was obtained, which was consistent with bilateral bibasilar infiltrates, possible aspiration pneumonia.
The patient also had a head CT, which was negative for any evidence of bleed or any pathology.
The patient was initially admitted to the ICU, where abnormal labs were significant for an alkaline phosphatase of 1.043, GET of 951, calcium 12.6 and albumin of 2.3.
Abdominal CT was obtained, which showed evidence of a new liver mass likely to be hepatocellular carcinoma.
There was also evidence of ascites, which was tapped in the ICU and negative for SBP with SSG gradient of 0.8.
There was a question for portal hypertension on abdominal CT, so ultrasound was obtained, which was negative for any evidence of Chiari.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Examination revealed the following: VITAL SIGNS:  Temperature 98.8, pulse 106, blood pressure 110/85, respirations 28, oxygen saturation 98% on four liters.
Occasional eye deviation to the left for a few second, but not sustained or jerking.
LABORATORY DATA:  Labs on admission revealed the following: white count 8.4, sodium 145, potassium 3.3, chloride 110, bicarbonate 22, BUN 0.6, glucose 170, calcium 12.6, Dilantin level initially 1.0, ammonia level 32.
As described in the history of present illness, the chest CT showed evidence of a bilateral bibasilar pneumonia, which is likely to be aspiration pneumonia.
Sputum was obtained and revealed gram-positive rods, 3+ gram positive cocci, and 3+ yeast.
Cultures are pending at the time of this dictation and antibiotics will be further titrated as the cultures return.
Liver service consultation was obtained and they agreed that the description on the CT, as well as the elevated AST was consistent with the hepatocellular carcinoma and the patient would likely not benefit from a biopsy at the time.
Reticulocyte count was 3.4.
The patient's labs were consistent with anemia of chronic disease.
The patient had a head CT, as stated above, which showed no evidence of an acute bleed.
DISCHARGE STATUS:  The patient will be discharged back to rehabilitation when his calcium has returned back to normal limits, when the mental status continued to improve, and speciation of his sputum culture has been obtained subsequently allowing us to further tailor his antibiotics.
