On the morning of transfer, patient remained persistently tachycardic and blood pressure was much lower than baseline at 110mmHg systolic (normally 150s-160s systolic).
A venous blood gas was obtained and showed a pH of 7.15 and lactate of 6.9.
Due to concern lactic acidosis and abdominal pain, CT angiography of abdomen was ordered to rule-out mesenteric ischemia, in addition to CT Torso.
In addition, cardiac enzymes were cycled starting at admission, and patient was found to have elevated troponin to 0.57, with no baseline for comparison.
His CK was only 117, but MB index was elevated.
ABG was obtained, 7.31/19/405 on 100% non-rebreather with an arterial lactate of 6.0 .
His non-invasive blood pressure subsequently fell to 58 systolic.
He received 2 litres of LR bolus through antecubital IV, and his blood pressure had marginal improvement to MAP in low 50s.
Central venous catheter was inserted and demonstrated a CVP of 7.
Physical Exam: Physical Exam: Vitals: T: BP: HR: RR: O2Sat: GEN: Respiratory distress, agitated, unable to speak in full sentences HEENT: EOMI, PERRL, dry MM, edentulous NECK: No JVD, trachea midline, no adenopathy COR: tachycardic, regular rhythm, no murmurs, +1 radial, DP/PT pulses faint PULM: bilateral rhonchi, left>Right, diffuse expiratory wheezes ABD: Soft, Tender to palpation diffusely, guarding in RUQ, +BS, no organomegaly EXT: Feet cool, no oedema NEURO: alert, oriented to person, place, and time, initially SKIN: Reticular rash on abdomen and arms   Pertinent Results: No evidence of acute process as abscess, free air or peritoneal fluid.
The mass located posterior to the left kidney measures 22 x 16 mm and is unchanged in size.
Spleen, pancreas, adrenals, and gallbladder are unremarkable.
CT OF THE PELVIS WITH INTRAVENOUS CONTRAST: Previously described metastasis anterior to the left iliacus muscle now measures 19 x 12 mm and has decreased in size (it was 21 x 16 mm).
CT ANGIOGRAPHY: There is diffuse atheromatous disease with mural thrombus and calcification of the abdominal aorta and branches, including iliac arteries.
The study and the report were reviewed by the staff radiologist.
Due to intermittent episodes of hypotension and lactic acidosis, sepsis was a presumed diagnosis and a central venous line was placed.
Cultures were obtained but did not demonstrate any source of infection.
CT Angiography of the adomen did not demonstrate any compromised abdominal vasculature or ischemic bowel.
Patient was also found to have positive cardiac enzymes during the course of the admission.
