In the Emergency Department vital signs were, temperature 98.4, blood pressure 80/40, heart rate 70, and oxygen saturation 99 percent on room air.
CT scan of the neck demonstrated a large lymphoma approximately 12.2 x 8 cm with the left carotid arteries patent by encased by tumor.
Given the rapid increase in size of the mass, he was sent to the Medical Intensive Care Unit for further monitoring of concern for possible airway compromise.
REVIEW OF SYSTEMS:  He denied fevers, chills, recurrent chest pain, stridor, wheezing, cough, or hemoptysis.
Calcium carbonate.
Head, neck exam was remarkable for normocephalic and atraumatic.
Neck exam remarkable for a large left-sided neck mass, thick 12 X 10 cm with deviation in the trachea to the right.
Pulmonary exam showed lungs to be clear to auscultation bilaterally no adventitious breath sounds.
Cardiovascular exam was regular, rate, and rhythm and normal S1 and S2 with no murmurs, rubs, and gallops.
Extremities exam showed bilateral lower extremity edema of right greater than left.
Neurological exam show cranial nerves II through XII are intact.
PERTINENT LABS:  X-rays and other studies on transfer to the Pulmonary Transplant Service, the patient had a white blood cell count with a WBC of 8.0 with 62 percent neutrophils, 28 percent lymphocytes, 9 percent monocytes, 0.2 percent eosinophils, 0.2 percent basophils, hematocrit 35.6, and platelets 210,000.
Coagulations were also PT 14.4, PTT 87.9, and INR 1.4.
Serum chemistry showed sodium 138, potassium 4.2, chloride 102, bicarbonate 27, BUN 17, creatinine 0.8, glucose 156, calcium 8.8, phosphorus 3.0, magnesium 1.9, and uric acid 3.1.
Three sets of cardiac enzymes were unremarkable.
Imaging showed a chest x-ray with cardiac size slightly enlarged.
There was a left- sided Port-A-Cath tip that was present but difficult to distinguish.
A CT scan of the head without contrast demonstrated no acute intracranial hemorrhage or evidence of major vascular territorial infarct.
CT of the neck demonstrated a large left-sided mass approximately 12.2 x 8.4 cm.
CT of the chest demonstrated no evidence of pulmonary embolus.
Lower extremity ultrasound showed no flow in the right popliteal secondary to nonocclusive thrombus.
This will be completed with vigorous hydration, allopurinol, and serial checks of tumor lysis labs.
As the patient's CT was negative, he was switched Lovenox and we will continue this as an outpatient.
Dyspnea:  CT was negative for PE.
Two sets of negative enzymes and his EKG remained unchanged.
