Pathology revealed diffuse replacement of the nodal architecture with extranodal invasion of the surrounding fat consistent with a high-grade lymphoid neoplasia.
A lumbar puncture was performed which showed cerebrospinal fluid involvement and an Ommaya shunt was placed on [**2117-12-19**].
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION ON ADMISSION:  Temperature 99.9, blood pressure 110/76, pulse of 84, respiratory rate of 18, saturation 97 percent on room air.
Lungs:  Clear to auscultation bilaterally.
LABORATORY DATA ON ADMISSION:  White count 4.4, hematocrit 28.1, platelets 116, BUN 19, creatinine 0.7, LDH 947.
His potential sources included severe mucositis as well as CT evidence of sinusitis.
However, all blood, urine cultures and chest imaging were negative.
When the cultures revealed a VRE species, patient was treated with Linezolid and followed with surveillance cultures.
Approximately one-third of the way through his two-week course, Linezolid was changed to Synercid due to concern over his blood counts being affected by the Linezolid.
He finished a 14-day course from the last positive surveillance blood culture without further fevers.
Cyclosporin dose was decreased to a more desirable level and the creatinine began to improve.
At time of discharge his creatinine was 1.1, which is still above baseline, and was holding stable.
He underwent an endoscopy and colonoscopy which the endoscopy revealed esophagus with denuded mucosa, a heaped up mass at the gastroesophageal junction, and an 8 mm ulcer in the antrum with the clots just above recent bleed.
Additionally, patient's CMV viral load came back positive at 4100 copies.
Eventually he underwent the endoscopy and colonoscopy described above which showed no evidence of graft- versus-host disease.
Therefore, the cultures were titrated down, and at the time of discharge the patient will be sent home on 10 mg p.o.
Paralyzed right vocal cord:  Patient developed hoarseness, therefore, underwent ENT evaluation which showed paralysis of the right vocal cord.
A speech and swallow evaluation was performed which revealed a small amount of aspiration.
Patient should be monitored for signs of aspiration, in which case a more definitive procedure such as silicone injection of the right vocal cord should be performed.
