Upon arrival to the hospital, she was found to have a right flailed chest and a pneumothorax which was small.
She underwent exploratory laparotomy with discovery of a spleen laceration, and she underwent a splenectomy.
She had a head CT performed which showed frontal lobe lesion consistent metastasis.
While in the hospital, she underwent a chest CT which showed a hilar mediastinal lymphadenopathy approximately 2 cm in size with abnormal left upper lobe lesion which was suspicious for small cell cancer given the patient's long history of smoking.
The patient underwent MRI of the head to evaluate her frontal lobe lesion which found frontal lobe lesions which were indicative of metastatic disease.
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  Vital signs:  On admission to the floor, she had a temperature of 98.3?????
She had an oxygen saturation of 94% on 4 L, and she had a blood pressure of 135/61.
Lungs:  Examination revealed bibasilar crackles, but she was moving good air throughout.
LABORATORY DATA:  On admission to the floor, she did have an elevated white count of 7.2, but her hematocrit was stable at 42.
Sputum cultures on [**9-23**] were consistent with many atypical cells, but no malignancy was observed.
MRI without contrast showed a left frontal temporal lobe at 3.1 x 2.7 cm, heterogeneous enhancing lesion without evidence of hemorrhage.
Malignancy work-up:  The patient was seen by Pulmonary consult and underwent chest CTA which showed improvement of the left upper lobe lesion with no change in the mediastinal lesion.
She underwent an abdomen and pelvis CT which were negative for evidence of primary cancer or metastatic disease.
The patient underwent a number of sputum cultures of which the results were pending on discharge.
The patient was also seen by Neurosurgery who at that time were deferring any type of craniotomy or needle biopsy of brain lesions for diagnosis.
She subsequently underwent a right upper extremity ultrasound which showed that the patient still had persistence of clot in the right upper extremity with no evidence of the clot enlargement or increase in burden.
Per her discharge, we are awaiting the results of her thyroid stimulating hormone test to rule out hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism.
FOLLOW-UP:  The patient will follow-up with primary care physicians for further work-up of her malignancy.
